https://www.discovery.co.za/wcm/discoverycoza/assets/investor-relations/2025/discovery-remuneration-report.pdf
→ https://www.discovery.co.za/wcm/discoverycoza/assets/investor-relations/2025/discovery-remuneration-report.pdf
Content-Type: application/pdf;charset=UTF-8

for the year ended 30 June 2025
Remuneration 
Report 
Contents
NAVIGATING OUR REPORTING SUITE
This is an interactive report. Navigation tools on the right 
of each page and within the report are indicated below. 
Contents Back Previous page Next page
This icon refers to more 
information in this report
This icon refers to additional information 
available on www.discovery.co.za
Our 
reporting 
suite
* Copyright and trademarks are 
owned by the Institute of Directors 
South Africa (IoDSA) NPC and all of 
its rights are reserved.
Our Remuneration Report is 
supported by a 
comprehensive reporting 
suite that provides our 
stakeholders with a holistic 
overview of the Group, its 
prospects and performance 
during the 2025 financial 
year (FY2025). These reports 
are available on our website.
THIS REPORT
Remuneration Report 
Outlines our Remuneration 
Policy and implementation 
approach, along with factors 
influencing our remunerationrelated decisions.
Contains Group audited 
consolidated annual financial 
results for Discovery Limited, 
the Group’s embedded value 
statement and five-year review.
Integrated Annual Report
Details how we created, 
preserved or eroded value 
during the year. This is our 
primary report to our 
shareholders and providers of 
financial capital. This report also 
includes information relevant to 
our other key stakeholders.
Outlines the Group’s 
governance philosophy, 
leadership and compliance 
with the King Report on 
Corporate Governance™ for 
South Africa, 2016 (King IV™)*.
Details Discovery’s approach 
to climate change and 
climate-related disclosures 
regarding governance, 
strategy, risk management, 
and metrics and targets.
Communicates material tax 
disclosure information to 
demonstrate our commitment 
to tax transparency and 
operating as a force for good 
through our tax contributions.
Discloses the Group’s 
performance against our 
Integrated Sustainability 
Framework and, where 
appropriate, against relevant 
standards and frameworks.
Contains quantitative and 
qualitative disclosures across ESG 
factors over a five-year period, 
where applicable, and guided by 
global reporting standards.
Background statement 
 3 Statement by the Remuneration Committee Chairperson
PART 1
Remuneration Policy
 7 Our approach to remuneration 
12 Earning potential of Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers 
13 Contract terms for Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers 
14 Advisory vote on the Remuneration Policy 
14 Non-executive Directors 
PART 2
Implementation Report
15 Fixed remuneration increases
15 FY2025 Executive Directors’ and Prescribed Officers’ remuneration 
20 Termination of office payments 
20 FY2025 Non-executive Director’s fees 
20 Directors’ interests in shares 
20 Non-executive Directors’ fee proposal for FY2026 
20 Statement about compliance with the Remuneration Policy 
20 Advisory vote on the implementation report 
PART 3
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1
About this 
report
Our FY2025 Remuneration Report presents 
the factors within our business that impacted 
remuneration and the remuneration decisions 
made during the year. In addition, it outlines 
our Remuneration Policy and provides details 
of its implementation during the reporting 
period.
Reporting scope and boundary
This Remuneration Report provides a holistic view of Discovery Limited’s 
(Discovery or the Group) remuneration from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025. 
We also include all material events up to the date of Board approval. 
Furthermore, this report includes financial and non-financial information 
relating to the performance of our geographic market composites: Discovery 
South Africa (SA) and Vitality (United Kingdom (UK) and Vitality Global).
Frameworks applied
In preparing this report, we were guided by: 
 Companies Act, No 71 of 2008, as amended (Companies Act)
 JSE Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements and JSE Debt and Specialist 
Securities Listings Requirements
 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
 King IVTM
 International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
Forward-looking statements
This report may include certain forward-looking statements regarding the 
Group’s future performance and prospects. These statements cannot be 
considered guarantees of future performance or outcomes as they may be 
influenced by emerging risks, future events, changing circumstances and 
other important factors that cannot be predicted and are beyond Discovery’s 
control. These events may cause actual results to differ materially from our 
current expectations as disclosed in this report. Forward-looking statements 
have not been reviewed or audited by the Group’s external auditors.
Combined assurance
Discovery is committed to disclosing accurate information 
that supports stakeholders in their decision-making. Our 
Combined Assurance model integrates the efforts of our 
management and internal and external assurance 
providers to assure the integrity of this report.
In FY2025, our reporting suite was assured as follows:
 Joint external audit assurance of Financial Statements by 
KPMG and Deloitte 
 Limited external assurance of selected sustainability 
information by Nexia SAB&T
 Limited assurance of selected factual and quantitative 
financial and non-financial information by Group Internal 
Audit
 Limited assurance of selected greenhouse gas emissions 
inventory by Verify CO2
 Verification of B-BBEE rating by Honeycomb BEE Ratings
Based on these engagements, Group Internal Audit believes 
the quantitative and qualitative information in this report 
accurately reflects the Group’s performance for FY2025.
This report is the culmination of a Group-wide process led 
by the Group Finance function, with oversight from the 
Group Executive. Our Group Remuneration Committee 
reviews the process and recommends the report to our 
Board for approval.
Board approval
Discovery’s Board of Directors is responsible for the integrity of this report. After reviewing this 
report, the Board believes it accurately and comprehensively explains factors that influenced 
remuneration within our business as well as the remuneration decisions made in FY2025.
The Board unanimously approved this report on 16 October 2025. We welcome your feedback on our 
reporting suite. For copies of this 
report or to submit any comments, 
email askthecfo@discovery.co.za. Adrian Gore
Group Chief Executive
Sir Mark E Tucker
Independent Non-executive Chairperson
2 DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
Statement by the 
Remuneration Committee 
Chairperson 
It is my pleasure to present the FY2025 Remuneration Report, 
which outlines our approach to fair, responsible and 
transparent remuneration. As Discovery continues to grow its 
international footprint, our remuneration approach plays a 
critical role in supporting our global strategy. It is closely 
aligned with our strategic objectives and supports long-term 
stakeholder value creation across our composites. 
To deliver on our strategy, we rely on people who are innovative, resilient 
and deeply connected to our core purpose and values, and we are committed 
to fostering an environment where they can unlock their full potential. It is 
therefore essential that our remuneration practices are designed to attract 
and retain exceptional talent capable of delivering on the Group’s long-term 
strategic ambitions. This is underpinned by our Remuneration Policy and 
philosophy, which prioritise long-term value, engagement and performance.
RemCo is committed to ensuring that its work supports the Group’s purpose, 
strategy and performance. We strive to balance the expectations of our 
stakeholders, and therefore ensure we reward our people for delivering not 
just on financial ambitions, but also on non-financial metrics. There is 
continued focus on incentivising and retaining critical talent in key areas, 
while driving significant shareholder value.
Discovery’s international ambitions require Board members and a Chairperson 
with demonstrated global expertise. To attract and retain individuals of such 
calibre, our Remuneration Policy must be competitive internationally.
In FY2025, the Group did significant work from a 
governance perspective to consolidate Vitality UK 
and Vitality Global into the Vitality composite. 
RemCo provided oversight from a remuneration 
perspective and supported the alignment of our 
remuneration practices across the Discovery SA 
and Vitality composites.
KEY FY2025 HIGHLIGHTS
The Group’s excellent financial performance in 
FY2025 is headlined by normalised operating 
profit growth of 29% and diluted headline 
earnings per share growth of 30%. Our share price 
showed meaningful appreciation over the year, 
reflecting a positive rerating by the market – 
underpinned by strong financial performance, 
continued strategic execution and improved 
investor sentiment despite ongoing challenges 
in the operating macroenvironment. Discovery 
continued to demonstrate the resilience and 
effectiveness of its Shared-value model. 
While several major economies and corporations 
recently reversed or softened commitments on 
diversity, equity and inclusion, and environmental 
responsibility, Discovery remains steadfast in its 
belief that sustainable business practices are 
essential to long-term success. As a global 
business with deep roots in South Africa, we 
continue to embrace diversity, equity, and 
inclusion. The retention and advancement of black 
senior and emerging talent, for example, remains 
a key focus area and we recognise that fostering 
equity, diversity and inclusion is not only the right 
thing to do, but also a strategic imperative for 
long-term success. In addition, in FY2025, the 
Group achieved a cumulative 31.2% reduction in 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions relative 
to the FY2019 baseline – a meaningful step in our 
journey toward a lower-carbon future. 
Discovery’s performance in FY2025 is a testament 
to the dedication, resilience and ingenuity of its 
people. RemCo continues to draw inspiration 
from the Group’s entrepreneurial spirit, its 
purpose-driven talent and the strength of its 
leadership team.
PART 1
Background 
statement
THE ENVIRONMENT IN WHICH WE 
REMUNERATE
The year was shaped by complex global and local dynamics. In South 
Africa, market sentiment improved following the formation of the 
Government of National Unity (GNU), renewing hopes for inclusive 
economic growth and job creation. However, the pace of reform has 
been slower than anticipated, and the economic recovery remains muted. 
Globally, persistent geopolitical tensions and tariff uncertainties have 
weighed on investor confidence and growth projections. While inflationary 
pressures have eased and interest rates are beginning to decline across 
key markets, the overall environment remains volatile, with sentiment and 
investment activity still subdued across Discovery’s operating regions.
PERSISTENT COMPETITION FOR TALENT
As a global organisation operating in technology-driven and highly 
competitive industries, Discovery’s top talent remains in high demand 
both locally and internationally. In South Africa, competition for skilled 
professionals has intensified, particularly within the financial services 
sector, with the emergence of new banks and short-term insurers. 
Discovery continues to focus on retention of critical skills and high-potential 
employees, and there has been a marked improvement in retention during 
the year under review. This is attributed to our values-driven, performanceoriented and inclusive approach to talent management. Further, our hybrid 
work model, now well embedded after two years, continues to support 
productivity and collaboration without compromising the Group’s 
distinctive culture. 
REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS
In July 2024, the Companies Amendment Act and the Companies Second 
Amendment Act was signed into law. The effective date of key sections 
relating to remuneration reporting, including the disclosure of pay gap 
ratios and enhanced transparency requirements, is yet to be announced, 
pending finalisation of supporting regulations. RemCo continues to monitor 
these developments closely to ensure readiness and compliance.
The demand for remuneration transparency and disclosures continue to 
increase globally. In South Africa, the proposed Fair Pay Bill, introduced in 
June 2025, aims to amend the Employment Equity Act by prohibiting the 
use of historical pay data during recruitment and mandating the disclosure 
of salary ranges in job advertisements. While still under parliamentary 
review, the Bill signals a broader shift toward remuneration transparency 
and equity. 
3 DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
Statement by the Remuneration Committee Chairperson continued
OUR FOCUS AREAS AND 
REMUNERATION DECISIONS
During the year, we advanced several key remuneration-related 
initiatives. In response to the evolving operating environment, and 
following thorough research, consultation and robust discussion, RemCo 
carefully considered its approach and applied its mind as follows:
Discovery’s growth as a global business has significantly increased 
the complexity of skills required at executive level. Executive skills 
are highly mobile and in demand, increasing the risk of executives 
receiving international offers. This has heightened the need for 
robust benchmarking and proactive retention strategies.
 In FY2025, executive salaries were benchmarked by an 
independent adviser, an exercise conducted every two years 
 The benchmark did not highlight any areas of concern 
 Retention of executive talent is proactively monitored, with 
targeted measures implemented to retain key individuals
EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION BENCHMARKING 
The Group’s international ambition requires it to have Board 
members with demonstrated global expertise, benchmarked 
internationally, to ensure we are able to attract and retain high 
calibre individuals. There were no major adjustments recommended 
for Non-executive Director fees, with the exception of fees for the 
Chairpersons and members of the Audit Committee and the Risk 
and Compliance Committee.
 In FY2025, Non-executive Director fees were benchmarked 
against both local and international peers, including major 
insurers and banks
 RemCo carefully considered the benchmarking outcomes before 
recommending the proposed fees to shareholders for approval
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ FEES BENCHMARKING
Discovery’s expansion – particularly the unification of our global 
operations into the Vitality composite and growth in new banking 
and insurance ventures – requires access to critical skills. Our OPSI 
schemes are designed to retain and reward key executives and 
managers, aligning to the strategic requirements of these areas. 
To ensure balance and mitigate risk, maximum caps are applied 
to these schemes.
 In FY2025, RemCo approved OPSI schemes to incentivise and 
retain key talent in critical teams
 Ambitious goals and OPSI stretch targets have been established in 
line with the Group’s long-term strategy
 RemCo subsequently monitored the implementation of OPSI 
schemes for the Discovery Health, Invest, Insure and Corporate & 
Employee Benefits businesses
 RemCo is pleased with the performance of our OPSI schemes as 
they continue to increase alignment with shareholders and other 
stakeholders’ needs by promoting a focus on long-term value 
creation for all our stakeholders
OUTPERFORMANCE SINGLE INCENTIVE (OPSI) 
SCHEMES APPROVAL AND IMPLEMENTATION 
Discovery’s Single Incentive Plan (SIP) rewards management and 
executives based on performance at individual, business unit and 
Group levels. Group-level performance is measured against the 
Group scorecard, which consists of financial and sustainability 
measures. RemCo can adjust the weighting to be in line with 
Discovery’s key financial, operational and strategic priorities.
 In FY2025, following feedback from our shareholders, RemCo 
reviewed and approved increasing the weighting of financial 
performance measures from 65% to 70%
 RemCo also rebalanced other measures, particularly increasing 
the weighting of healthy activities after removing the strategic 
projects and initiatives measurement from the scorecard, to 
underline our strategic focus on being a leader in promoting 
healthy activities globally 
 These changes will apply to the FY2026 scorecard
 RemCo monitored performance against the FY2025 Group 
scorecard and approved related incentives
GROUP SCORECARD AMENDMENTS AND 
IMPLEMENTATION
RemCo remains committed to fair and responsible remuneration 
across Discovery and continues to identify and address potential 
pay gaps. Although the Companies Amendment Acts have been 
signed into law, RemCo is awaiting confirmation of the effective date 
to begin implementing the required disclosures and resolutions.
 RemCo is actively preparing to comply with the Companies 
Amendment Acts, including reviewing the vertical pay gap 
between the top 5% and bottom 5% of employees
 Discovery conducts a gender pay gap analysis annually and, in the 
most recent review, no unexplained gender-based pay disparities 
were identified
 In FY2025, RemCo approved maintaining the Discovery minimum 
annual wage at R200 000 in South Africa
 Similarly, in the UK and US, employees are paid above the real 
living wage
ADDRESSING POTENTIAL PAY GAPS
ESG considerations continue to be a focus area, leading to greater 
integration of ESG matters across the Group.
 RemCo acknowledges that ESG considerations are closely linked 
to its responsibility to promote fair and responsible pay, uphold 
strong governance, and support environmental sustainability 
across the Group
 Given the dynamic nature of the ESG landscape, it is essential that 
ESG-related performance measures identify, track, and disclose 
areas most relevant to Discovery
 ESG is increasingly embedded in our operations and is reflected in 
the Group’s balanced scorecard
ESG CONSIDERATIONS 
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
4
RESULTS OF VOTING ON REMUNERATION
At our most recent AGM, shareholders took part in an advisory vote on our Remuneration Policy, and 
its implementation, and the approval of Non-executive Directors’ fees.
Votes in favour (%) Dissenting votes (%)
FY2024 FY2023 FY2022 FY2024 FY2023 FY2022
ADVISORY
Remuneration Policy 94.3 88.9 89.5 5.7 11.1 10.5
Implementation Report 93.3 89.9 90.4 6.7 10.1 9.6
APPROVAL
Non-executive Directors’ fees 84.9 76.8 80.6 15.1 23.2 19.4
We will present our Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report for two separate, non-binding 
votes at our AGM on 20 November 2025. If 25% or more of shareholders vote against either the 
Remuneration Policy or Implementation Report, or both, Discovery will include a note in its Stock 
Exchange News Service (SENS) announcement for the AGM. If there are any dissenting shareholders, 
they will be invited to engage with the Group.
The method of shareholder engagement will be decided by our RemCo and could include:
 Investor roadshows (where feasible)
 Emails and teleconferences
 One-on-one meetings with shareholders
 Combined meeting of shareholders (where deemed appropriate)
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND FEEDBACK
We appreciate the continued support from our shareholders, as reflected in the advisory votes endorsing 
both our Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report.
Ongoing engagement with our shareholders is important and allows us to understand their views on our 
Remuneration Report. 
During the year, some shareholders queried the weighting between financial and sustainability measures in 
the Group scorecard. RemCo responded accordingly, and further details on our amendments to the Group 
scorecard can be found on page 4.
RemCo remains focused on aligning the needs and expectations of both employees and 
shareholders. We continuously review our remuneration practices to ensure they are 
competitive, effective in retaining top talent, and drive Discovery’s high-performance, 
entrepreneurial culture through well-defined performance targets.
We will present our Remuneration Policy and Implementation 
Report for two separate, non-binding votes at our AGM on 
20 November 2025.
REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
RemCo supports the Board in ensuring Discovery's remuneration practices are fair, responsible and 
transparent across the Group. It oversees the application of the Remuneration Policy and advises the Board 
on the remuneration structure and base fees for Non-executive Directors, which are then approved by 
shareholders.
In addition to ongoing engagement with remuneration specialists and convening special meetings to 
address specific topics, RemCo met four times during FY2025 and comprised the following Non-executive 
Directors:
NAME August 2024 October 2024 February 2025 June 2025
FN Khanyile (Chairperson)
MW Hlahla
TT Mboweni* N/A N/A N/A
KC Ramon
* TT Mboweni was a member of RemCo prior to his passing in October 2024
Statement by the Remuneration Committee Chairperson continued
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
5
RemCo members bring a wealth of relevant skills, expertise and 
experience to effectively perform their duties. Their involvement 
in other key committees enables them to monitor risk trends 
across the Group. The diversity of thought within our RemCo 
contributes to well-informed remuneration decisions. 
Representatives of our executive management team, as well as 
an independent remuneration expert, attend RemCo meetings 
by invitation. Executive Directors do not participate in 
discussions about or vote on their own remuneration. 
RemCo provides guidance and ensures subsidiary remuneration 
practices and activities are integrated with those of the Group. 
Our UK subsidiaries (Vitality UK) are directly regulated and 
effectively supervised. Discovery Holdings Europe Limited’s 
RemCo – chaired by Sir Andrew Foster, a senior Non-executive 
Director of various UK subsidiaries – oversees remuneration for 
these subsidiaries. Discovery Bank’s remuneration is overseen 
by its RemCo, chaired by Bobby Malabie, an Independent 
Non-executive Director of Discovery Bank. Our Group RemCo 
oversees the activities of these committees.
RemCo ensures Discovery’s remuneration philosophy remains 
aligned with our business strategy and shareholder 
expectations, delivering competitive and equitable outcomes for 
our employees. RemCo and our executive team strive to infuse 
creativity and innovation into our human resources and 
remuneration practices, while carefully considering risk 
tolerances, appropriate governance and our shareholder 
compact. 
EXTERNAL ADVISERS
RemCo remains informed on emerging trends and leading 
practices in both local and international remuneration 
landscapes. Our independent external advisers provide regular 
updates on key developments and offer guidance on matters 
like the Group scorecard, remuneration benchmarking, and fair 
and responsible pay analysis.
In FY2025, RemCo retained Bowmans as independent 
remuneration advisory service providers. RemCo is satisfied 
that the services provided by Bowmans are credible, 
independent and objective.
CONCLUSION
RemCo remains committed to ensuring our remuneration 
practices continue to support Discovery’s strategic objectives and 
long-term value creation. We believe remunerating innovative, 
resilient and purpose-driven individuals appropriately is key to 
sustaining performance, deepening engagement and securing the 
talent needed to deliver on our purpose.
RemCo is satisfied that the Remuneration Policy and philosophy 
achieved its stated objectives during the year, including effectively 
supporting the Group’s strategic objectives, fairly rewarding 
employees for their contributions, and aligning with shareholder 
interests – ultimately driving sustainable, long-term value. No 
deviations from the Remuneration Policy occurred during FY2025.
We note with deep sadness the passing of Tito Mboweni during 
the year. Tito made a valuable and lasting contribution to RemCo, 
offering thoughtful insight, sound judgement and a deep 
understanding of governance and public service. His presence 
will be greatly missed, and we extend our heartfelt condolences 
to his family, friends and colleagues.
PLANNED FOCUS AREAS IN FY2026
 Monitor remuneration-related regulatory developments, 
including the Companies Amendment Acts and Fair Pay Bill in 
South Africa, to ensure Discovery is prepared to comply with 
prescribed requirements when they become effective
 Monitor local and global remuneration trends and assess their 
impact on our business and our people
 Continue to embed and strengthen fair and responsible 
remuneration practices by reviewing and addressing identified 
pay disparities and reviewing Discovery’s minimum pay level
 Benchmark Non-executive Directors’ fees
Despite this loss, RemCo remains quorate, ensuring continuity in 
its oversight and decision-making responsibilities. I would like to 
extend my sincere gratitude to my fellow RemCo members for 
their dedication and contributions throughout the year. RemCo 
values the feedback received from our shareholders on our 
remuneration approach, policy and implementation, and 
encourage continued engagement.
Looking ahead, we remain committed to creating 
sustainable value for all our stakeholders, 
balancing their needs and expectations. We will 
also continue to support fair and responsible 
remuneration practices that support 
Discovery’s core purpose and drive our 
long-term success. 
FAITH KHANYILE
RemCo Chairperson
 Ensure remuneration structures remain suitable and competitive 
to attract and retain critical skills and diverse talent in key positions
 Review ESG-related targets linked to remuneration practices
 Maintain alignment with the Group’s long-term strategy through 
stretch performance targets that drive exceptional performance 
and deliver superior shareholder returns
 Monitor performance against the Group scorecard and approve 
incentive vesting and allocation, including monitoring the 
performance of the OPSI schemes
 Address any shareholder issues as they arise
Statement by the Remuneration Committee Chairperson continued
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
6
Our approach to remuneration 
This part of our Remuneration Report unpacks the main tenants of our Remuneration Policy as follows:
Our remuneration philosophy
describes why we approach 
remuneration in the way we do.
Our remuneration principles 
detail the arrangements that guide 
us in the remuneration of all our 
employees.
Our remuneration structure 
outlines the financial and non-financial 
awards available to employees in 
different parts of the business.
Our fair and responsible 
remuneration commitment provides 
further details of how we ensure fair 
and responsible remuneration.
REMUNERATION PHILOSOPHY
Discovery’s remuneration philosophy is to offer competitive, performance-linked pay that aligns employee 
rewards with the company’s long-term growth and shareholder value, while ensuring fairness and compliance 
across all countries where we operate.
REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES
01
ATTRACT, RETAIN AND 
MOTIVATE HIGH-CALIBRE 
GLOBAL TALENT
Ensuring success requires having the 
right people in the right positions. 
Discovery’s owner-manager culture 
and entrepreneurial mindset, 
underpinned by a strong governance 
framework, helps us reach this goal.
02
PAY MUST BE APPROPRIATE 
AND FAIR
In line with our global expansion and 
ambitious organic growth strategy, we 
are proactive in our remuneration 
approach. Regular internal and 
external salary surveys ensure fairness 
and consistency across the Group.
03
REMUNERATION POLICIES 
AND PROCEDURES MUST BE 
INCLUSIVE, FAIR AND 
EQUITABLE
Our commitment to diversity and 
inclusion extends to our remuneration 
policies and procedures, which are 
inclusive, fair and equitable regardless 
of race, gender, age, religion, marital 
status, or ethnic or social background.
04
REMUNERATION MUST 
APPROPRIATELY REWARD 
EXCEPTIONAL PERFORMANCE
Pay-for-performance is at the heart of our 
remuneration philosophy. Employees are 
encouraged to set and achieve ambitious goals in 
line with the Group’s objectives, creating an 
environment that encourages innovative thinking 
and extraordinary sustainable performance.
05
REMUNERATION MUST ALIGN WITH 
SHAREHOLDER AND OTHER 
STAKEHOLDERS’ ECONOMIC INTERESTS
We designed our total remuneration packages to 
align the financial wellbeing of employees with the 
economic interests of our shareholders and other 
stakeholders.
06
GOVERNANCE OF REMUNERATION IS 
ESSENTIAL TO ENSURE FAIR AND 
RESPONSIBLE REMUNERATION
Our remuneration policies and practices are 
governed by the Group’s RemCo, with support 
from our Internal RemCo, an executive 
management body with delegated responsibilities 
for remuneration governance for all staff, except 
Executive Directors and Internal RemCo members. 
Our strong remuneration governance framework 
facilitates valuable input and insight from the 
Board to keep us globally competitive.
PART 2
Remuneration Policy
7 DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
Our total rewards approach encompasses financial 
and non-financial elements.
GUARANTEED 
REMUNERATION
Total cost-to-company (CTC), including:
 Base pay
 Medical aid
 Provident fund
 Pension fund
 Group life cover
 Optional benefits, like gap cover
VARIABLE 
REMUNERATION
 Monthly performance-based pay
 Short-term incentives
 Long-term incentives
NON-FINANCIAL 
REWARDS
 Employee experience
Our approach to remuneration continued
GUARANTEED 
REMUNERATION VARIABLE REMUNERATION NON-FINANCIAL
The table below provides a detailed breakdown of Discovery’s total rewards. Sales employees have a deemed salary for purposes of determining their package-linked 
benefits, and their remuneration is commission-based.
CTC MONTHLY PERFORMANCEBASED PAY SHORT-TERM INCENTIVES LONG-TERM INCENTIVES EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE
Eligibility
 All  Generally, employees up 
to team leader level, as 
well as some management 
and executive-level 
employees in sales 
environments
 All  Deputy General 
Managers and above
 Critical skills
 All
Description
 Base pay
 Compulsory benefits 
(like medical aid, 
provident fund, pension 
fund and group life 
cover) and optional 
benefits (such as gap 
cover)
 Productivity and salesbased performance pay for 
operations and sales areas
 Employees below Deputy General 
Manager level and employees who do 
not participate in monthly incentives, 
participate in quarterly, biannual or 
annual short-term incentive (STI) 
schemes that measure performance 
against agreed targets
 Management (Deputy General 
Managers and above) and Executivelevel employees participate in the 
Single Incentive Plan (SIP)
 Employees may participate in special 
outperformance single incentive 
(OPSI) plans based on super stretch 
targets, where appropriate, to drive 
specific strategic initiatives and growth
 Employees may 
participate in legacy 
equity-settled 
long-term incentive 
plans (LTIPs), SIP 
deferred awards, 
equity-settled OPSI 
plans, business 
unit-specific longterm incentive (LTI) 
schemes
 All LTIs are equitysettled, with phantom 
shares awarded 
under special 
circumstances
 Challenging and 
meaningful work
 Development and 
training
 Alignment with 
Discovery’s culture 
and environment
 Opportunities to 
work with great 
people
 Career growth 
opportunities
 Recognition for 
positive financial 
contribution
Objectives
 Attract and retain talent 
with competitive base 
pay and life-stage 
relevant benefits such as 
flexible retirement 
contributions, fit-forpurpose medical aid 
plans, and familyfriendly benefits
 Align individual 
performance to business 
unit and company goals
 Continuously drive 
improvement
 Reward delivery of key financial and 
non-financial objectives consistent 
with Discovery’s strategy while 
encouraging an entrepreneurial 
mindset and retaining talent
 Align Executive Directors’ 
remuneration with shareholder 
expectations
 Align management 
and Executive 
Directors’ 
remuneration with 
shareholder 
expectations and 
long-term returns
 Retention
 Create a work 
experience that 
positions 
Discovery as an 
employer of 
choice
Basis
 Linked to the Consumer 
Price Index (CPI)
 Financial services annual 
increase benchmark
 Individual performance 
measured against monthly 
business unit targets
 Group, business unit and/or individual 
performance-based
 Group, business unit 
and/or individual 
performance-based
 Ongoing 
improvement in 
employee 
engagement
TOTAL REWARDS
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
8
Our approach to remuneration continued
VARIABLE REMUNERATION
Most permanent employees earn performancebased pay. We offer competitive guaranteed 
rewards at the market median, with many roles 
able to earn additional variable pay-forperformance incentives, leading to abovemarket median total rewards for top 
performers. Targets are reviewed and adjusted 
as required and at the discretion of 
management to drive continuous improvement.
Monthly performance-based pay
In many operational areas where performance 
is highly measurable, monthly pay comprises a 
guaranteed monthly salary and performancebased pay (on par), which may apply from staff 
to Deputy General Manager level.
Incentive schemes
EMPLOYEES
At staff and team leader levels, STI schemes 
encourage and reward participating employees 
for achieving agreed-upon stretch targets at 
individual, team and/or business unit levels. 
Business units’ incentive schemes are based on 
specific priorities and, accordingly, payout 
percentages, pay periods and calculations vary. 
Sales team members participate in productionrelated incentives relevant to their roles. To 
receive STI rewards, an employee must be 
employed for at least three months and be in 
service at the time of payout, which includes 
employees serving out their notice period. The 
targets and final payout amounts are 
determined within scheme guidelines by either 
management or RemCo. Final approval remains 
at RemCo’s discretion.
MANAGEMENT
Management Incentive Scheme
Managers and divisional managers participate in 
a short-term management incentive scheme 
(MIS), which pays a percentage of the annual 
package based on both individual and business 
unit performance twice a year. The scheme pays 
between 15% and 30% of the total CTC 
depending on the job category and performance 
against personal and business objectives. 
Single Incentive Plan
Management (Deputy General Managers and 
above) and Executive-level employees 
participate in the SIP, which awards a 
percentage of the annual package based on 
performance at individual, business unit and 
Group levels. A portion of the award is paid in 
cash, while the remainder is deferred in shares, 
as described below. RemCo sets the short- and 
long-term Group performance measures, targets 
and weighting annually to reflect Discovery’s key 
financial, operational and strategic priorities.
SIP
Basis for 
reward
Group, 
business unit/ 
function and 
individual 
scorecards
Cash award (STI)1
Settled annually for Executive-level employees and bi-annually 
for all other employees
Discovery deferred share award (LTI)2
Vesting in the third, fourth and fifth year for Executive Directors 
without further performance conditions and based on 
continued employment. For all other employees, vesting 
periods are one year, two years and three years 
Guaranteed remuneration, based on total CTC
1 The SIP parameters for the on-target single incentive percentage replicate the on-target and stretch values of the legacy STIs and LTIs.
2 Generally, deferred awards will be implemented using Group deferred shares and will be governed by rules similar to the former LTIP 
rules, settled by delivery of Discovery shares on the vesting date.
GUARANTEED REMUNERATION
Our total CTC approach offers employees 
flexibility and choice. Employees can select a 
remuneration structure with benefits that best 
meet their lifestyle needs. Permanent nonsales employees, irrespective of employment 
level, receive a guaranteed component, 
including a basic salary and compulsory 
benefits. Within limits, they can adjust the cash 
portion of their salary to enrol in a suitable 
medical aid plan, take out various risk cover 
products and make additional retirement 
contributions.
Retirement contributions
 Compulsory pension fund 
contribution: 5% of an employee’s 
salary
 Compulsory provident fund 
contribution: minimum of 7.5% and 
a maximum of 22.5%
 Employees have an option to choose 
their investment portfolio
Medical scheme membership
 Compulsory membership to a 
Discovery Health Medical Scheme 
plan unless the employee is a 
dependant on a spouse’s medical 
scheme
 Employees below a certain salary 
threshold can enrol in Flexicare
Employees who work in sales environments typically 
receive variable monthly remuneration linked directly 
to sales productivity and targets. We use the expected 
monthly salary, or deemed salary, as the basis for 
calculating the benefit contributions.
The internal uniqueness of some of Discovery’s roles 
requires the use of market data, among other inputs, 
to inform remuneration decisions as there are no other 
peers to use for internal benchmarks. We do not 
differentiate pay on arbitrary grounds and our 
employment processes do not create unfair pay 
differentials. We target the market median guaranteed 
pay level for each role. However, guaranteed pay can be:
 Above the median to attract and retain top talent, 
particularly in scarce and critical skills areas
 Below the median, in rare instances, where individuals 
display high potential but are new to the role and need 
to grow into the position
Performance is primarily rewarded through incentive 
structures and not salary adjustments. However, all 
salaries are reviewed annually between April and June to 
implement cost-of-living and market-related adjustments, 
with increases effective from 1 July. New hires may not be 
eligible for salary increases, or may only qualify for a 
prorated adjustment based on length of service and 
tenure. Typically, an employee should be employed for a 
minimum of three months to take part in salary reviews, 
unless they need to be aligned with peers. RemCo 
determines the overall percentage increase, considering 
benchmarks to adjust for market trends, particularly for 
scarce and critical skills, changes to the national cost of 
living, as well as business performance and affordability.
Interim increases may be awarded at the discretion of 
senior management under the following circumstances:
 Successful internal recruitment into a higher-paying role
 Achieving a higher qualification for certain skills
 Promotion
 Alignment due to internal and external benchmarking
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
9
RemCo approved the introduction 
of targeted OPSI schemes for key 
executives who are directly accountable 
for the growth, profitability and scaling 
of established and new businesses. The 
objective of the OPSI is to reward and 
retain these executives who are critical 
to driving performance in the respective 
businesses, while aligning with the 
requirements of these strategic areas. 
The schemes are self-funded based on 
the achievement of super-stretched 
performance targets relative to the SIP, 
and all OPSI schemes introduced from 
FY2024 are settled in deferred shares over 
a 3-year period.
During FY2023, we added an OPSI plan to 
the single incentive of the Chief Executives 
of Discovery SA/Discovery Bank and 
Vitality UK to reflect the critical role these 
businesses play in the Group’s strategic 
ambition. Where appropriate, the on-target
value of the total single incentive was 
reduced with a concomitant increase 
in the reward for stretch performance, 
subject to appropriately challenging 
targets. These adjustments are reflected 
in the remuneration scenario graphs on 
page 12. 
Additional awards may be granted at 
RemCo's discretion based on the individual
merit, exceptional performance and/or 
retention risks of specific employees.
Our approach to remuneration continued
FINANCIAL1
(70%)
Measure Weight Minimum (50%) On-target (100%) Stretch (150%)
Growth in normalised operating profit 22.5% CPI pa CPI+GDP+4% pa CPI+GDP+8% pa
Diluted headline earnings per share growth 10% CPI pa CPI+GDP+4% pa CPI+GDP+8% pa
ROE (average over trailing three years)2 15% WACC WACC+3.8% WACC+6%
Revenue growth 10% CPI pa CPI+GDP+4% pa CPI+GDP+8% pa
Cash conversion ratio 12.5% 50.0% 62.5% 75.0%
Area
CLIENT PERCEPTION
(8%) Client perception 8% 9.06 9.20 9.46
ESG3
(7%)
Healthy activities 4% 630 million 700 million 770 million
ESG index 3% 50% 100% 150%
PEOPLE
(10%)
Employee engagement 2% -5.00 0.00 5.00
Retention 3% 13% 10% 7%
Transformation and diversity 5% 75% 100% 110%
SCORECARD 
WEIGHTING
Group
Business unit/ 
functional/individual
Group Chief Executive 80% 20%
Group Chief Financial Officer 70% 30%
Executive Directors 50% 50%
Prescribed Officers 50% 50%
General Managers 30% 70%
Deputy General Managers 30% 70%
STRATEGY4
(5%) New products and innovation 5% 50% 100% 150%
100%
The table below provides the proposed Group scorecard for FY2026 which includes measures that address strategic risks:
1 The weighting for financial measures was increased 
from 65% to 70% in response to feedback from 
some shareholders who advocated for a higher 
financial weighting. Operating profit growth and 
cash conversion were increased by 2.5% each.
2 For FY2026, the ROE will be a trailing measure 
covering the period FY2024, FY2025 and FY2026.
3 The greenhouse gas emissions measure was 
consolidated into the ESG index measure. It is 
also supported by the Discovery Green strategy.
4 The key initiatives and projects measure was 
removed due to its strategic sensitivity. Some 
shareholders indicated that they prefer that all 
measures be disclosed upfront.
SIP safeguards
Once the proposed SIP 
methodology is applied to 
determine the single incentive 
pool for the year, it will be tested 
against the following safeguards:
 “Clip-rate” safeguard: The total 
cost of the year’s SIP – including 
the value of the cash portion 
and the at-grant value of the 
deferred share awards – as a 
percentage of the normalised 
operating profit, pre-tax and 
incentive expenses attributable 
to the year should not exceed 
12% of normalised profits, 
except in exceptional 
circumstances approved by 
RemCo
 “Burn-rate” safeguard: The total 
Discovery shares awarded in 
any year should not exceed 1% 
of Discovery-issued shares, 
except in circumstances 
approved by RemCo 
Should any of these safeguards 
be breached, RemCo will adjust 
the cash or deferred share 
awards of the annual SIP award.
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 0
FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE 
REMUNERATION IN KEY AREAS
Our RemCo continually monitors developments in fair 
and responsible remuneration. We outline our 
progress within selected topical areas below.
Vertical pay gap
Our RemCo continued to review the vertical pay gap 
between our top 5% highest and bottom 5% lowest 
paid employees. The review took into account the 
Companies Amendment Acts signed into law in July 
2024. We await the announcement of an effective date 
of the Companies Amendment Acts and will disclose 
the applicable metrics at that time for comparability to 
peers. In the meantime, we continue to monitor these 
metrics internally.
Gender pay gap
Discovery has a policy guideline in place formalising 
our approach to managing pay gaps. We have 
initiatives in place to close pay gaps, and continuously 
analyse income pay differentials by gender and race to 
align salaries through interim salary increases. Our pay 
differentiation is based on qualifications, experience, 
performance and market benchmarks across different 
roles. Discovery continues to drive gender 
transformation and monitors role-based gender pay 
gaps for non-unique internal roles to ensure we 
eliminate any potential bias. RemCo and Internal 
RemCo monitors the Group’s initiatives to close the 
gender pay gap.
In South Africa, we established a pay gap dashboard 
that assists business units with reviewing and 
correcting any apparent pay gaps that appear 
unjustifiable based on qualifications, experience or 
performance. In the UK, we report on statutory gender 
pay gaps through our gender and ethnicity pay gap 
report.
Minimum wage
Discovery pays above the minimum wage. In South 
Africa, no permanent employee will earn below 
R200 000 per annum, except employees on 
commission-based pay structures. Similarly, in the UK 
and US, employees are paid above the real living wage.
Our approach to remuneration continued
OUTPERFORMANCE SINGLE INCENTIVE PLAN
Some senior employees may participate in bespoke business 
unit-specific OPSI plans based on super-stretch targets, where 
appropriate, to drive specific strategic initiatives and growth across 
the Group. OPSI schemes introduced from FY2024 will be settled in 
deferred equity for retention purposes and to recognise 
outperformance above normal stretch targets.
LEGACY INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Certain incentive schemes will continue as usual for the time being 
but will transition over time to align with the Group SIP philosophy 
as far as applicable and appropriate. Details of these incentives are 
provided below. 
Progression of Discovery’s LTIPs
LTIPs
BEFORE 
2019  Phantom 
shares
 Vesting in 
years two 
to five
 Cashsettled
BETWEEN 
2019 AND 2021  Equity shares  Vesting in years 
three to five 
based on 
performance 
outcomes
 Equity-settled
AFTER 
2022  Equity shares  Vesting in years 
one to three, or 
years three to 
five for Executive 
Directors
 Equity-settled
Discovery previously allocated awards under LTI schemes to align 
long-term shareholder interests with longer-term performance, to 
retain key talent and create opportunities for individuals to share in 
the Group’s success. These incentive schemes were restricted to 
Executive Managers and, in certain cases, to individuals who held 
critical roles at lower levels to align their interests with long-term 
strategic goals. 
The Group’s main LTI scheme was the equity-settled Discovery Limited 
LTIP, approved at the 2019 AGM in FY2020 to replace the previous 
Phantom Share Scheme. Awards in terms of the Discovery Limited 
LTIP vested in three tranches over three to five years, which will 
continue until FY2026. Under exceptional circumstances, employees 
may be awarded cash-settled phantom shares in lieu of equity-settled 
Discovery Limited LTIP.
International Phantom Share Scheme
Vitality UK has a Phantom Share Scheme 
in place, with vesting criteria linked to the 
performance of the businesses.
The VitalityHealth and VitalityLife LTIP 
vests in thirds on the second, third and 
fourth anniversaries of the award. Vesting 
is subject to attaining embedded value 
(EV) and profit targets measured for each 
tranche over the vesting period. 
Recipients include executives, senior 
leadership and key specialists. Subject to 
these criteria, the scheme pays out 
one-third immediately after valuation in 
October 2023 and a further one-third in 
each October of the following two years.
Targeted LTI schemes
RemCo may decide to implement a 
specific LTI scheme to drive a particular 
business result, for example delivering a 
new venture or strategic stretch business 
targets. Participation is at RemCo’s 
discretion and is limited to key employees 
who drive value in the venture. Payout 
under incentive schemes for a start-up is 
typically linked to value creation and 
profitability.
For incentive schemes, RemCo retains 
discretionary override where necessary. 
If such discretion is ever applied, full 
disclosure will be made. Outstanding 
awards under several previously operated 
incentive schemes are currently in run-off. 
Discovery Bank executives (excluding the 
CEO) participate in a start-up LTIP linked 
to value created over seven years, with 
options for early exercise under certain 
conditions. This incentive scheme includes 
two cash bullet payments, which are 
drawdowns on the ultimate value of the 
scheme. Each bullet payment is linked to 
a significant milestone in building the 
business. The final vesting date is FY2026, 
with associated payments in 2026, 2027 
and 2028. 
FAIR AND 
RESPONSIBLE 
REMUNERATION
In line with our remuneration principles, 
Discovery is dedicated to ensuring fair 
and responsible remuneration across 
the Group. RemCo is committed to 
ensuring Discovery’s remuneration is 
externally competitive and internally 
responsible, fair and free of any 
prejudice by overseeing all relevant 
management processes. Management 
processes – including job grading, annual 
salary benchmarking and annual income 
differential analysis (considering gender 
differentials) – ensure remuneration is 
primarily market related and equitable.
We use independent advisers to ensure 
we provide competitive remuneration 
and benchmark salaries against other 
financial services companies annually, 
at a minimum, to remain updated on 
market changes. These assessments 
consider factors such as company size, 
including revenue, profit, number of 
employees and availability of skills.
RemCo approves Executive Director and 
Prescribed Officer remuneration awards, 
ensures performance-linked pay aligns 
with management’s direct efforts, and 
interrogates incentive structures to avoid 
remunerating for a ‘rising tide’ effect 
(i.e. results that are due to a booming 
economy or windfall gains, instead of the 
efforts of management). When reviewing 
proposals for new or amended incentive 
schemes, RemCo considers what a fair 
outcome would be and ensures potential 
incentive payouts are capped to avoid 
management benefiting from windfall 
gains. Discovery complies with the 
fair pay provisions of the various 
jurisdictions in which it operates, being 
South Africa, the UK and the US.
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 1
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS PRESCRIBED OFFICERS
Earning potential of Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers* 
The potential FY2026 remuneration outcomes for Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers at minimum, on-target and stretch remuneration levels are illustrated below. A GORE Group Chief Executive
Minimum
On-target
Stretch
0
5 000
10 00015 00020 00025 00030 00035 00040 00045 000
(R’000)
DM VILJOEN
Group Chief Financial Officer
Minimum
On-target
Stretch
0
5 000
10 00015 00020 00025 00030 00035 000
(R’000)
B SWARTZBERG
Group Executive 
Director
Minimum
On-target
Stretch
0
5 000
10 00015 00020 00025 00030 000
(R’000)
CTC
SIP cash
SIP deferred
KEY
OPSI deferred
* The value of deferred awards are subject 
to the share price at the time of vesting.
D VILJOEN
B SWARTZBERG
A GORE
40 000 35 000
NS KOOPOWITZ
CEO Vitality 
Minimum
On-target
Stretch
Maximum
0
1 0002 0003 0004 0005 0006 000
(£’000)
N KOOPOWITZ
HD KALLNER
CEO Discovery SA and Bank
0
10 00020 00030 00040 00050 00060 00070 000
(R’000)
H KALLNER
Minimum
On-target
Stretch
Maximum
1 2 DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
Contract terms for Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers
Executive Director and Prescribed Officer contract terms aim to align their interests with the interests of our shareholders and ensure stability within 
Discovery’s leadership. The key elements of their employment contracts are summarised here. 
MINIMUM 
SHAREHOLDING 
REQUIREMENTS
Executives must build personal holdings in 
Discovery shares to a minimum threshold 
level according to our Minimum 
Shareholding Requirement (MSR) Policy. 
Executives have five years from the 
effective date of the MSR Policy – being 
October 2019 – or their appointment to 
achieve the required holdings. The MSR 
Policy applies to the Group Chief Executive, 
Group Chief Financial Officer, Executive 
Directors and Prescribed Officers and 
requires a holding of Discovery shares of 
five times the annual CTC for the Group 
Chief Executive, and two times the annual 
CTC for other Executive Directors and 
Prescribed Officers.
As at 30 June 2025, the Group Chief 
Executive’s holdings significantly exceeded 
the required holding. In addition, the 
Group’s remaining Executive Directors and 
Prescribed Officers exceeded the required 
holdings.
NOTICE PERIOD
Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers 
are employed in terms of employment 
contracts, which can be cancelled with one 
to three months’ notice by either the 
Executive or the Company.
PAYMENTS ON 
TERMINATION OF OFFICE
There are no contractual commitments to make 
any payment to Executives due to change of 
control or termination of employment beyond 
complying with relevant statutory requirements, 
as well as any amounts due in terms of the 
applicable conditions of the Group’s share plan.
RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND REMUNERATION
RemCo ensures sound and sustainable 
remuneration policies and practices that 
promote the alignment of Discovery’s 
interests with those of its clients. The 
committee supports the avoidance of 
excessive risk taking and unfair treatment 
of customers. RemCo also ensures any 
remuneration or fees paid to an appointed 
representative for an activity or function is 
reasonable and commensurate with the 
function or activity and does not increase 
the risk of unfair treatment of clients.
GUARANTEED BONUSES, 
SIGN-ONS, BUY-OUTS, 
RETENTION AND 
RESTRAINT OF TRADE 
PAYMENTS
Such payments are made when deemed 
necessary to attract and retain critical employees, 
approved by RemCo and disclosed appropriately.
MALUS AND CLAWBACK
Where there are defined trigger events, RemCo 
has the discretion to invoke malus (pre-vesting 
forfeiture) or clawback (post-vesting forfeiture). 
Malus and clawback provisions and the 
application thereof are governed by Discovery’s 
Malus and Clawback Policy, which is provided for 
in our Remuneration Policy.
RemCo has the discretion to clawback the pre-tax 
proceeds of any variable STI remuneration (from 
General Manager level) or LTIP remuneration 
(from Manager level) should a trigger event 
occur. Malus applies from the date of award until 
vesting, while the clawback period is three years 
from the date of vesting. Trigger events include:
 Material misstatement of financial results
 Assessment of metrics upon award based on 
erroneous, inaccurate or misleading 
information
 Fraud, dishonesty or gross misconduct
 Events or behaviour causing reputational 
damage to Discovery
RECONSTRUCTION OR 
TAKEOVER
(excluding an internal reorganisation that 
does not change the ultimate control of 
Discovery)
A portion of the unvested awards, based 
on the period served of the applicable 
vesting period up to the transaction date, 
may vest early and be settled on the basis 
of the transaction value. The remaining 
portion will be replaced by an award with 
the same fair value of that portion of the 
award on the transaction date, and with 
other characteristics such as remaining 
vesting period and governing provisions 
that are as similar as possible under the 
prevailing circumstances. This could 
include participation in an acquirer’s share 
plan.
TREATMENT OF SHORTTERM INCENTIVES
Except for termination because of misconduct, 
any short-term incentives due to an employee 
before their last day of service will be paid, even 
if the employee is serving their notice period.
TREATMENT OF 
UNVESTED AWARDS
On resignation, LTI tranches due to vest before 
the employee’s last day of service will vest. Any 
unvested tranches due to vest after the 
employee’s last day of service will be forfeited. 
In case of death, unvested awards vest 
immediately at 100%. In case of retirement and 
disability, unvested awards continue to vest on 
the original vesting dates and are not prorated 
for time served. For early retirement between 
60 and 65 and good leavers, vesting will be 
discretionary based on, inter alia, tenure and 
performance, subject to appropriate approvals 
by the relevant governance structures.
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 3
Advisory vote on the 
Remuneration Policy
Our Board tables the Remuneration Policy for a non-binding advisory 
vote by shareholders at the AGM every year. If the Remuneration Policy is 
voted against by 25% or more of votes exercised, Discovery will invite 
dissenting shareholders to engage with us in the voting results SENS 
announcement that follows the AGM.
Non-executive Directors
Non-executive Directors receive a fixed retainer fee for their participation 
in and attendance of Board and Board committee meetings and do not 
receive any annual incentive awards. RemCo annually reviews the fees 
paid to Non-executive Directors, considering their individual 
responsibilities and Board committee memberships. Our Board 
Chairperson receives an all-inclusive retainer, and no other fees are paid 
to him for attending Board or Board committee meetings. Our Board and 
RemCo Chairpersons are not present when their remuneration is 
reviewed or discussed.
Non-executive Director fees are benchmarked against a peer group every 
second year, including local and international financial services 
companies – as well as companies with similar market capitalisations – to 
ensure Discovery’s remuneration remains competitive. Recommendations 
are made to the Board for consideration and presented at the AGM for 
shareholder approval. The Non-executive Directors’ fees for FY2026 will 
be adjusted as per the benchmarks conducted.
Non-executive Directors are appointed for a period not exceeding three 
years and are subject to re-election on a rotational basis. The 
reappointment of Non-executive Directors is not automatic and depends 
on the knowledge and skills required by the Board. From 1 July 2024, the 
Board implemented a nine-year tenure model for Board membership, 
guided by corporate governance best practice and the recommendations 
of King IV™ and the Prudential Authority on Non-executive Director 
tenure. The model includes an option to extend tenure to 12 years, 
subject to regulatory and jurisdictional provisions and exempted 
circumstances agreed upon upfront. Directors whose tenure is extended 
to 12 years will be subject to an annual review of independence, which 
will be tabled at the Board for noting.
Non-executive Directors receive a fixed retainer 
fee for their participation in and attendance of 
Board and Board committee meetings and do 
not receive any annual incentive awards.
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 4
PART 3
Implementation Report
FY2025 Executive Directors’ and Prescribed 
Officers’ remuneration
The heads of the geographical composites who are no longer Executive Directors have been designated as 
Prescribed Officers for purposes of remuneration disclosures as prescribed by the Companies Act1.
Remuneration earned by Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers during FY2025 is shown on the next page in 
single-figure format and in accordance with King IV™ principles. Actual cash remuneration paid to Executive 
Directors and Prescribed Officers in FY2025, which may include cash payments for performance in the previous 
financial period, is reflected in the Directorate on pages 282 and 283 in the Annual Financial Statements.
Fixed remuneration 
increases 
We award salary increases against CPI and have established 
a Discovery minimum salary for the SA-based employees 
which is above South Africa’s national minimum wage.
The Discovery SA minimum salary has been set at R200 000 
per annum in line with Discovery’s commitment to fair and 
responsible remuneration adjusted accordingly. 
FIXED REMUNERATION 
INCREASES 1 July 2025 1 July 2024
Executive Directors 4.25% 5%
Prescribed Officers 4.25% 5%
Management and Executives 4.25% 5%
Employees 4.25% 5%
In the UK and US, employees are paid above the real living 
wage. Inflation-related increases were awarded to employees 
at 3.00% in the UK and 3.50% in the US.
1 Should a leader who is not an Executive Director be appointed to head any of the geographical composites, the individual will fall within the definition 
of a Prescribed Officer.
CTC
CTC increases are effective from 1 July and include 
contributions to retirement funding and other 
benefits. RemCo approved increases to CTC from 
1 July 2025 as reflected in the table alongside. 
SIP
Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers 
participate in an annual single incentive 
scheme comprising a cash portion (STI) and a 
deferred portion (LTI). The SIP is subject to 
malus and clawback provisions.
ELEMENTS OF TOTAL REMUNERATION PACKAGE
1 5 DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
FY2025 SINGLE-FIGURE REMUNERATION
Base salary
Retirement 
fund
Other 
benefits
Performance/ 
cash bonus
LTIP/deferred 
reflected3 Total
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
A Gore (R) 9 346 124 922 060 421 780 13 266 245 13 266 245 37 222 454
B Swartzberg (R) 6 769 815 700 671 416 142 9 125 617 9 125 617 26 137 862
DM Viljoen (R) 7 154 185 1 132 356 394 859 10 531 754 10 531 754 29 744 908
PRESCRIBED OFFICERS
HD Kallner (R)1 8 682 379 434 119 464 141 25 751 436 25 751 436 61 083 511
NS Koopowitz (£)2 1 100 370 10 000 85 039 1 649 829 1 638 614 4 483 852
1 HD Kallner’s single figure remuneration for FY2025 includes the standard SIP and the OPSI for achieving stretch targets in his 
composite for the year.
2 NS Koopowitz’s OPSI scheme was deferred in FY2024. His single figure remuneration for FY2025 includes the SIP and the 
OPSI portion.
3 The disclosure of the LTIP reflected in FY2025 has been made in accordance with the transition arrangements recommended in 
the Guide to the Application of King IV: Remuneration Governance, issued by the Institute of Directors of South Africa and the 
South African Reward Association. The LTIP reflected includes the value of the deferred shares awarded as part of the single 
incentive determined on the basis of performance for the reporting year. The value of legacy LTIPs that vest due to performance 
periods ending in the reporting year are therefore excluded from the single-figure table above but are included in the table of 
unvested awards on page 19. The vesting tranches of these legacy LTI schemes paid out at the following percentages, in respect 
of the performance-based portions of the awards, across the issued tranches: 2020 and 2021 at 100%. 
FY2024 SINGLE-FIGURE REMUNERATION
Base salary
Retirement 
fund
Other 
benefits
Performance/ 
cash bonus
LTIP/deferred 
reflected4 Total
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
A Gore (R) 8 427 575 1 264 136 497 890 10 623 381 10 858 508 31 671 490
B Swartzberg (R)1 5 860 263 620 749 347 442 7 594 713 15 718 999 30 142 166
DM Viljoen (R) 6 837 578 1 078 435 352 198 8 756 970 8 936 636 25 961 817
PRESCRIBED OFFICERS
HD Kallner (R)2 8 196 444 409 822 297 944 24 293 674 24 451 372 57 649 256
NS Koopowitz (£)3 978 908 10 000 75 018 914 511 861 245 2 839 682
1 Deferred portion includes the Vitality Global Outperformance Plan incentive.
2 HD Kallner’s single figure remuneration for FY2024 includes the standard SIP and the OPSI for achieving stretch targets in his 
composite for the year.
3 The measures for NS Koopowitz’s 2024 OPSI plan were not finalised due to the impact of transitioning from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 
and, specifically, how this relates to the Prudential Assurance Company’s book. A decision was therefore made to defer the 
scheme for 12 months. This decision also aligns with the subsequent merger and restructuring of Discovery’s international 
businesses, which will be led by NS Koopowitz. The OPSI plan has been revised for FY2025 taking all these factors into account.
4 The disclosure of the LTIP reflected in FY2024 has been made in accordance with the transition arrangements recommended 
in the Guide to the Application of King IV: Remuneration Governance, issued by the Institute of Directors of South Africa and 
the South African Reward Association. The LTIP reflected includes the value of the deferred shares awarded as part of the single 
incentive determined on the basis of performance for the reporting year. The value of legacy LTIPs that vest due to performance 
periods ending in the reporting year are therefore excluded from the single-figure table above but are included in the table 
of unvested awards on page 19. The vesting tranches of these legacy LTI schemes paid out at the following percentages, in 
respect of the performance-based portions of the awards, across the issued tranches: 2019 at 92.5%, 2020 and 2021 capped 
at 100%. As a result of the transition to IFRS17 Insurance Contracts, RemCo approved a rebasing of historical operating profit 
to align performance over multiple cycles in calculating the performance outcomes.
FY2025 Executive Directors’ and Prescribed Officers’ remuneration continued
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 6
Financial (65%) Sustainability (35%)
SIP PERFORMANCE
Executive performance is detailed in the sections that follow from a Group scorecard and individual perspective.
FY2025 GROUP SCORECARD PERFORMANCE
Measurement Weighting
SubweightingMinimum 
(50%) 
On-target 
(100%)
Stretch 
(150%)
Performance 
score
Weighted 
score
Category 
score
Comments
Growth in normalised 
operating profit
65%
20% CPI pa CPI+GDP+4% pa CPI+GDP+8% pa 150% 30.0%
86.8%
Normalised operating profit increased by 29%.
Headline earnings per 
share (HEPS) growth 10% CPI pa CPI+GDP+4% pa CPI+GDP+8% pa 150% 15.0% HEPS (diluted) increased by 30%.
ROE (average over 
trailing three years) 15% WACC WACC+3.8% WACC+6% 79% 11.8% ROE at 14.4%, which is a trailing average over three years.
Revenue growth 10% CPI pa CPI+GDP+4% pa CPI+GDP+8% pa 150% 15.0%
Revenue growth of 14%. Revenue is defined as total ‘adjusted revenue’ 
for the Group which reflects income items per the income statement, 
including Discovery Bank’s net interest income and non-interest revenue 
and our share of material associates’ revenue. Shared services 
businesses where revenue is typically a recovery of costs recharged, as 
well as businesses in rundown are excluded from this measure.
Cash conversion ratio 10% 50.0% 62.5% 75.0% 150% 15.0%
Ratio of 77%, calculated as: Operating cash flow (per Group shareholder 
free cash movement included in the additional analyst information on 
our website) ÷ normalised profit from operations (IFRS total), net of 
income tax expense (IFRS total), per segment information.
Client 
perception Client perception 8% 8%
Internal targets as approved by the RemCo and 
aligned to the overall business strategy
141% 11.2% 11.2% The consolidated average monthly perception score over the period, 
weighted by the volume of policies for each company, at 9.41 out of 10.
ESG
Healthy activities
8%
3% 128% 3.8%
11.3%
 Over 640 million healthy activities recorded globally
 Top quartile across two ESG rating agencies
 31.2% cumulative reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions in FY2025 against the FY2019 baseline
ESG ratings 3% 150% 4.5%
Total greenhouse gas 
emissions (tonnes CO2) 2% 150% 3.0%
Strategy
New products and 
innovation
9%
4.5% 108% 4.9%
9.4%  New products and innovation as well as key initiatives and projects 
Key initiatives and to ensure continued disruptive growth.
projects 4.5% 100% 4.5%
People
Employee engagement
10%
2% 80% 1.6%
10.7%
 Variance of the employee experience index from the Global 
High-Performance norm
 Percentage loss through resignation of African and Coloured 
employees at Manager level and above, against internally set targets
 Target achieved for employment equity measure EE Plan
Retention 3% 125% 3.8%
Transformation and 
diversity 5% 106% 5.3%
Group 
performance 100% 100% 129.4%
Target exceeded – Exceeding 110%
Target met – Between 90% – 110% 
Minimum threshold – Below 50%
Target partially met – Between 50% – 90%
FY2025 Executive Directors’ and Prescribed Officers’ remuneration continued
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 7
INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE
Group Personal OPSI
FY2025 Executive Directors’ and Prescribed Officers’ remuneration continued
Outcome
Weighting
0%0%
20%40%60%80%20%40%60%80%
100%120%140%
100%
120%
Measure Weight Outcome
Group financial outcomes 25%
Group strategic outcomes 40%
Group ESG outcomes 35%
Overall personal score 100% 102.82%
ADRIAN GORE
Group Chief Executive
Outcome
Weighting
0%
50%
100%150%200%250%300%
Measure Weight Outcome
Discovery Bank financial outcomes 60%
Discovery Bank business growth 30%
Discovery Bank strategic outcomes 10%
Overall personal score 100% 272.46%
HYLTON KALLNER
Chief Executive Officer: 
SA composite and Discovery Bank
Outcome
Weighting
Measure Weight Outcome
Discovery Green 40%
Group information technology assets 20%
Discovery balance sheet 20%
Governance 20%
Overall personal score 100% 102.00%
BARRY SWARTZBERG1
Co-founder and Executive Director
KEY:
1 Barry Swartzberg transitioned into a role supporting the Group Chief Executive following the 
unification of Vitality Global and Vitality UK into one composite, Vitality, with Neville Koopowitz 
appointed as the Chief Executive Officer: Vitality with effect from 7 August 2024.
Outcome
Weighting
Measure Weight Outcome
Group financial management 45%
Group strategic outcomes 25%
Group ESG outcomes 30%
Overall personal score 100% 102.40%
DEON VILJOEN
Group Chief Financial Officer
Outcome
Weighting
0%
50%
100%150%200%
Measure Weight Outcome
Vitality financial outcomes 35%
Vitality strategic outcomes 54%
Vitality ESG outcomes 11%
Overall personal score 
(Vitality)
100% 125.60%
NEVILLE KOOPOWITZ1
Chief Executive Officer: Vitality
A GORE D VILJOEN
B SWARTZBERG 0% 20% 40%
60%80%
100%120%
HYLTON KALLNER NEVILLE KOOPOWITZ
Target exceeded – Exceeding 110%
Target met – Between 90% – 110% 
Minimum threshold – Below 50%
Target partially met – Between 50% – 90%
104% 21%
80% 20%
91% 31%
70% 30% 65% 51%
50% 50%
32% 28% 213%
25% 25% 50%
32%
25% 75%
94% 45%
100%
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 8
FY2025 Executive Directors’ and Prescribed Officers’ remuneration continued
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ AND PRESCRIBED OFFICERS’ PARTICIPATION IN SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Cash value received during the year reflects performance measurements in previous periods. The SIP awards for the current year under review are included in the single-figure 
remuneration tables, on page 16, which reflect the performance of the year under review.
2024 2025
Opening number on 
1 July 2024 Granted Forfeited/ lapsed Exercised/ settled
Closing number on 
30 June 2025
Cash value received 
during the year
Closing fair value at
30 June 2025*
NAME Number of awards Number of awards Number of awards Number of awards Number of awards R R
A Gore
Discovery Limited LTIP 134 358 – (1 432) (63 832) 69 094 10 984 211 14 841 391
Discovery SIP 156 467 61 760 – – 218 227 – 46 875 160
HD Kallner
Discovery Limited LTIP 90 113 – (960) (42 812) 46 341 7 367 089 9 954 047
Discovery SIP 97 720 27 774 – (9 965) 115 529 1 714 777 24 815 629
Discovery Outperformance Plan (OPSI) 129 762 113 460 – (43 254) 199 968 7 443 148 42 953 126
NS Koopowitz
Vitality Phantom Share Scheme 65 254 18 247 – (40 038) 43 463 1 689 719 2 357 433 
B Swartzberg
Discovery Limited LTIP 42 495 – (288) (19 036) 23 171 3 275 715 4 977 131
Vitality Global Outperformance Plan 24 092 46 799 – – 70 891 – 15 227 387
Discovery SIP 114 452 44 153 – – 158 605 – 34 068 354
Vitality Global Share Plan 79 416 – (41 280) 38 136 7 103 462 8 191 613
DM Viljoen
Discovery Limited LTIP 86 686 – (906) (40 946) 44 834 7 045 988 9 630 343
Discovery SIP 110 918 50 910 – – 161 828 – 34 760 654
* The fair value of Discovery shares granted has been calculated using the closing share price of R214.80 at 30 June 2025 (2024: R134.69).
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
1 9
Directors’ interests 
in shares
According to the Register of Directors’ Interests, 
maintained by Discovery in accordance with the 
provisions of section 30(4)(d) of the Companies Act, 
Directors of Discovery have disclosed their interests in 
the ordinary shares of the Company at 30 June 2025.
Non-executive Directors’ fee proposal for FY2026
The proposed fees payable to the Non-executive Directors include inflationary-related increases, with the 
exception of fees for the Chairpersons and members of the Audit Committee and the Risk and Compliance 
Committee, which are based on a phased alignment to revised market benchmarks. The proposed FY2026 
fees will be tabled at the AGM for approval as a special resolution.
FY2025 (excluding 
VAT, if applicable) 
Retainer only
Proposed FY2026 
(excluding VAT, 
if applicable 
Retainer only
Board
Chairperson (UK based) £338 580 £348 737 
Member (South Africa based) R586 168 R611 080 
Member (UK based) £74 488 £76 723 
Member (Australia based) A$140 240 A$143 185 
Member (USA and other non-South Africa based) US$95 049 US$97 425 
Audit and Risk and Compliance committees
Chairperson, Audit committee (South Africa based) R786 500 R865 150 
Chairperson, Risk and Compliance committee (South Africa based) R582 098 R669 413 
Member (South Africa based) R317 508 R349 259 
Chairperson (UK based) £54 173 £55 798 
Member (UK based) £18 291 £18 840 
Chairperson (Australia based) A$63 802 A$65 142 
Member (Australia based) A$36 460 A$37 226 
Chairperson (USA and other non-South Africa based) US$43 565 US$44 654 
Member (USA and other non-South Africa based) US$24 904 US$25 527 
Actuarial committee
Chairperson (South Africa based) R555 639 R579 254
Member (South Africa based) R317 508 R331 002
Member (UK based) £18 291 £18 840
Member (Australia based) A$36 460 A$37 226
Member (USA and other non-South Africa based) US$24 904 US$25 527
Remuneration, Social and Ethics, Nominations and any other committees
Chairperson (South Africa based) R444 511 R463 403 
Member (South Africa based) R254 006 R264 801 
Chairperson (UK based) £27 309 £28 128 
Member (UK based) £15 567 £16 034 
Chairperson (Australia based) A$50 947 A$52 017 
Member (Australia based) A$29 216 A$29 830 
Chairperson (USA and other non-South Africa based) US$34 870 US$35 742 
Member (USA and other non-South Africa based) US$19 932 US$20 430 
Non-resident Director travel allowance (per return leg) US$2 879 US$2 951 
Statement 
about 
compliance 
with the 
Remuneration 
Policy
RemCo is satisfied that the 
Remuneration Policy, as detailed in 
the FY2024 Remuneration Report, 
was complied with and there were 
no substantial deviations from the 
policy during the year.
Advisory 
vote on the 
Implementation 
Report
Our Board tables the Remuneration 
Implementation Report for a nonbinding advisory vote by shareholders 
at the AGM every year. Discovery will 
announce the voting results after 
the AGM. 
Termination of office 
payments
No termination of office payments were awarded to 
Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers during the period.
FY2025 Non-executive 
Directors’ Fees
R’000
Services as 
directors
Other 
benefits1 Total
ME Tucker2 8 655 52 8 707
LM Chiume 1 453 – 1 453
R Farber3 4 045 4 178 8 223
MW Hlahla 1 729 – 1 729
FN Khanyile 2 511 – 2 511
D Macready 2 570 – 2 570
T Mboweni 495 – 495
KC Ramon 1 666 – 1 666
M Schreuder 2 775 – 2 775
BA Van Kralingen4 2 324 103 2 427
TOTAL 28 223 4 333 32 556
1 ‘Other benefits’ include travel, other allowances and fees for consulting services.
2 Director’s fees are paid in British pound sterling.
3 Director’s fees for services and fees for other consulting services rendered by 
R Farber were paid in Australian dollar.
4 Director’s fees for services rendered and travel allowances included in ‘Other 
benefits’ are paid in United States dollar.
DISCOVERY REMUNERATION REPORT 2025
2 0
Discovery Limited | +27 11 529 2888 | askthecfo@discovery.co.za | www.discovery.co.za
Copyright 2025. Discovery Ltd is the licensed controlling company of the designated Discovery Insurance Group.