https://www.naspers.com/~/media/Files/N/Naspers-Corp-V2/results-reports-and-events-archive/latest-results/fy-2025/naspers-remuneration-report-2025.pdf
→ https://www.naspers.com/~/media/Files/N/Naspers-Corp-V2/results-reports-and-events-archive/latest-results/fy-2025/naspers-remuneration-report-2025.pdf
Content-Type: application/pdf

Remuneration report
The remuneration policy supports business strategy, 
shareholder alignment and paying for performance, 
competitively and fairly.
Dear shareholder
I am pleased to present the remuneration report 
for FY25. This details current remuneration policies 
as approved by shareholders in August 2024, and 
describes how the policies have been put into practice 
in FY25.
The remuneration policy supports business strategy, 
shareholder alignment and paying for performance, 
competitively and fairly. This policy and underlying 
principles support our long-term sustainable business 
growth in the diverse markets in which we operate. The 
perspective and input of our stakeholders are considered 
in establishing and implementing the remuneration policy.
At the time of Fabricio Bloisi’s appointment as 
chief executive officer in July 2024, we disclosed 
a remuneration package carefully structured to support 
our long-term strategic priorities and align with 
shareholder interests. Effective 10 July 2024, Fabricio 
receives a base salary and an annual short-term 
incentive (STI) opportunity, contingent on the achievement 
of demanding financial, operational, and strategic 
performance goals. In addition, he was granted longterm incentives (LTIs) that span the full four-year term 
of his appointment, including performance share units 
(PSUs) and stock appreciation rights (SARs). The package 
also includes a one-time ’moonshot‘ award, designed 
to incentivise exceptional value creation. This award will 
only vest if, by 30 June 2028, Prosus’ market capitalisation 
has at least doubled and been sustained for 12 months, 
and the company’s total shareholder return (TSR) exceeds 
the median of a defined peer group. Overall, the 
structure reflects our commitment to pay for performance, 
long-term value creation, and alignment with 
shareholders.
Business performance
On a consolidated basis, total revenue from continuing 
operations increased by US$750m, or 12% (20%), from 
US$6.4bn in the prior period to US$7.2bn. This was 
primarily due to strong revenue growth in Classifieds and 
Food Delivery. Consolidated aEBIT of US$130m reflects 
a sizeable US$284m year-on-year (YoY) improvement. 
We have been particularly active in managing our 
businesses to remain on track to deliver against our 
published financial commitments. In addition, we have 
made uncompromising decisions on capital allocation, 
including reallocating capital away from those companies 
with no clear path to profitability, recognising that growth 
is still essential.
The group’s free cash inflow was US$968m, a sizeable 
YoY improvement. Tencent remains a meaningful 
contributor to cash flow via a stable dividend 
of US$1.0bn.
These performance outcomes are directly reflected in the 
executive’s remuneration schemes. Annual STI outcomes 
for executives are linked to financial metrics such as 
revenue growth, trading profit, and cash flow, while LTI 
awards – comprising PSUs and SARs – are aligned with 
sustained value creation and shareholder returns. The 
year’s financial progress, along with strategic portfolio 
management, forms a key part of assessing performance 
against these incentive frameworks.
Feedback from our shareholders
The group remains committed to ongoing dialogue 
with shareholders and seeks their views in an annual 
remuneration roadshow as well as regular engagements 
throughout the year. 
During last year’s roadshow, and following the 
appointment of Fabricio Bloisi as chief executive, some 
shareholders raised a few concerns, including the 
absence of a discount-linked incentive in LTIs, the 
quantum and design of the moonshot award and the 
complexity of existing LTIs. There were also differing 
shareholder views on whether performance incentives 
should be tied to the group’s overall results, including 
Tencent, or focused solely on the ecommerce portfolio. 
In addition, some shareholders questioned the robustness 
of the vesting thresholds for PSUs and proposed the 
introduction of minimum performance floors. Lastly, some 
shareholders requested more transparency on the 
ecommerce valuation process or reliance on market data 
as opposed to a third-party valuation process. 
The board and management take this feedback seriously. 
The remuneration committee has carefully considered 
these views and has incorporated several enhancements 
to the remuneration framework in response. Notably, for 
FY25, we have reintroduced a discount-linked objective 
in the STI. 
We welcome shareholder feedback and will 
continue to incorporate shareholder views 
in our remuneration policy and plans. 
Email: InvestorRelations@naspers.com
FEEDBACK
‘We aim to attract, motivate 
and retain the best people 
to create sustainable 
shareholder value’
Craig Enenstein
Chair: Human resources and remuneration committee
59
Remuneration report continued
Despite significant efforts – including a substantial sharerepurchase programme that returned US$12bn in FY25 
to shareholders – the group’s net asset value (NAV) 
discount widened by five percentage points, increasing 
from 37% to 42% over the course of the year. As the 
outcome reflects a deterioration in the discount rather 
than an improvement, the performance condition 
tied to this objective was not met. In line with the 
performance-based design of the STI framework, this 
results in a zero payout for this component of the CEO 
and previous CFO’s incentive, reinforcing the company’s 
commitment to pay-for-performance principles and 
shareholder alignment. Discount management remains 
a key strategic priority for both management and the 
board, and sustained efforts to address it will continue 
in the year ahead.
How we have addressed this feedback
In line with shareholder feedback, over the past few 
years we have made several changes to our 
compensation programmes:
» Included a discount-related goal in CEO and CFO 
STI objectives
» Introduced PSUs linked to total shareholder return 
with clear performance conditions
» Enhanced disclosure on STIs and LTIs: in particular, 
disclosing the performance peers and metrics for PSUs 
and adding disclosure on how payout decisions in STIs are 
determined and, retrospectively, disclosing STI targets
» Reviewed PSU plans against the context of external 
market and technology-specific industry data on PSU 
design, performance measurements and associated 
payouts. The committee approved the updated peer 
group, broadening the performance benchmark beyond 
industry peers and further aligning executive pay with 
long-term shareholder interests
» For PSUs, the committee approved adjusting the 
payment threshold from 25% to 30% for future awards 
in existing plans.
Executive director changes
Following a comprehensive selection process, the boards 
unanimously approved the appointment of Fabricio Bloisi 
as the chief executive and executive director with effect 
from 10 July 2024. 
On 30 November 2024, Basil Sgourdos stepped down 
as chief financial officer (CFO) and financial director 
on the boards of Naspers and Prosus. He agreed 
to assist with the transition after this date, remaining 
as a consultant to the group until 31 December 2025. 
On 1 December 2024, Nico Marais assumed the role 
of the interim chief financial officer. Nico was appointed 
the chief financial officer on 29 April 2025 and 
is nominated for the appointment as financial director 
of Prosus at the next annual general meeting scheduled 
to be held in August 2025. His remuneration is set out 
on pages 78 and 79.
The board of directors has nominated Phuthi MahanyeleDabengwa for appointment as an executive director 
of Prosus at the next annual general meeting. With effect 
from 1 April 2025, she was appointed as an executive 
director of Naspers Limited. 
Details of remuneration are disclosed on pages 69 to 81. 
Remuneration for Fabricio Bloisi (CEO) is disclosed from 
10 July 2024 to 31 March 2025 and for Basil Sgourdos (CFO) 
from 1 April 2024 to 30 November 2024.
Craig Enenstein
Chair: Human resources and remuneration committee
21 June 2025
 Key focus areas during the year
» Remuneration for the newly appointed CEO and 
CFO
» Reflecting business performance in FY25 
remuneration decisions
» Setting annual STI targets, including sustainability 
goals, that are measurable, sufficiently stretched 
and linked to the group’s strategy
» Continuing engagement with shareholders 
on remuneration topics and making design and 
disclosure adjustments in response, where 
appropriate
» Monitoring market developments to ensure our 
remuneration structure allows us to compete globally 
for talent, and that our offering is compelling, fair 
and responsible.
Structure of report
In compliance with King IV, this report is split into the 
following sections:
» Background and policy: A detailed view of our 
approach to remuneration and information on the 
components of our executive pay packages.
Read more on page 61.
» Implementation of remuneration policy: Sets out 
information on how we implemented our policy for FY25.
Read more on page 66.
» Looking forward: sets out proposed remuneration 
in FY26 for approval by shareholders.
Read more on page 77.
Note: All remuneration is presented at 100%, including 
the cost apportioned to Naspers.
» Exchange rate used throughout this section 
EUR/US$1.0818.
60
Background and policy
Equitable 
Equal pay for work of equal value
Relevant 
Linked to personal, team and company 
performance
Rational 
Fairness and promoting a diverse and 
inclusive work environment and society
Fair
Independent 
With oversight, top-down via the board
Managed 
All employee pay decisions are properly overseen
Considered 
We apply judgement, avoiding formulaic appraisals 
that could lead to unacceptable outcomes
Sustainable 
Remuneration designed with sustainability in mind
Responsible
Ensuring pay equality is embedded in the way we work. Through regular analyses, we compare compensation levels for groups 
of people performing similar jobs. We conduct calibrations across the group as a standard process before (annual) reward 
decisions are taken, working to close unjustified pay gaps, should they exist. At all levels, we ensure our pay practices around 
the world are fair, competitive and above local minimum-wage standards. We ensure critical benefits and protection for our 
entire workforce are in line with the markets in which we operate.
Philosophy
Our remuneration philosophy underpins our group strategy and the achievement of our business objectives. Our commitment 
to pay for growth and alignment with shareholder value creation drives all our remuneration activities and supports the 
ownership mentality and spirit of entrepreneurship in our teams around the world. We believe in a level playing field for 
our people across all our business operations, so we strive to pay fairly and responsibly. As much as possible, the structure 
of our pay is consistent, regardless of seniority, ensuring equality of pay structures across all employees.
In the committee’s view, the remuneration policy achieved its stated objectives in the year under review.
Five key principles guide our remuneration approach
Paying for 
growth
Shareholder 
alignment
Achieving the 
business plan
Consistency 
and equality
Attracting and 
retaining talent
Bigger rewards for 
those who make the 
greatest contribution.
Alignment with desired 
shareholder outcomes.
Incentivising the 
achievement of strategic, 
operational, sustainability 
and financial objectives 
in the short and 
longer term.
Equal and 
transparent pay for 
equal work.
Our reward systems 
help us attract, engage 
and retain the best 
talent around the 
world in a fair and 
responsible way.
Policy
A global market for talent and competitive quantum
We are a global company operating in highly competitive industries and geographies. As such, our remuneration practices 
are positioned within a global technology landscape and may differ from conventions typically observed in the Dutch market. 
Executive talent is sourced from leading global organisations in the consumer internet and technology sectors, and our 
remuneration approach reflects the scale, complexity and strategic demands of operating at this level.
The quantum of remuneration for executive directors is determined based on the scope and responsibilities of their roles, 
the experience and capabilities of the individuals, and their sustained performance. A critical component of this process 
is benchmarking against relevant peer groups in global technology and internet sectors, using market data and insights 
from independent advisers, including Willis Towers Watson and FW Cook. These benchmarks ensure that our total 
remuneration opportunity – comprising base salary, STIs, LTIs, pensions and benefits – is competitive, market-aligned and 
capable of attracting and retaining world-class talent.
By rewarding executives through a carefully structured mix of fixed and performance-related pay, we aim to align executive 
and shareholder interests, promote long-term value creation, encourage shared ownership, and support the retention of highperforming executives.
In this section, we outline our remuneration policy in detail.
Pay for growth
Remuneration for our executive directors (CEO, CFO and employees) comprises base salary, STI, LTI, pension and other benefits. 
Our pay design links to our pay principles
Pay for
growth
Shareholder
alignment
Achieving the 
business plan Consistency Attracting and retaining talent
Fixed 
remuneration
» Base salary reflects contribution of the individual and market value of the role
» Paid monthly in cash
» May be reviewed annually; any increase typically effective from 1 April each year
» Benefits typically include pension, medical insurance, life and disability insurance.
STI* –
Annual
performancerelated
incentive
» Discretionary annual performance-related incentive with performance measures tailored to the executives’ roles 
and responsibilities
» Sustainability goals are set for the short and longer term
» Target and maximum bonus opportunities are the same (no payout for over-performance against target), and 
the standard STI is set at 100% of base salary for the CEO and CFO
» The committee thoroughly assesses whether targets are rigorous and sufficiently stretched
» STI payout is typically below the maximum 100% opportunity
» Any STI payout is made in cash
» The committee has the discretion to apply judgement in making appropriate adjustments to an annual bonus
» The committee may consider an additional cash short-term incentive, aligned to specific shareholder interests, 
of no more than five times the annual fixed gross salary.
* Malus and clawback provisions apply to STI and LTI.
61
Background and policy continued
Short-term incentives
The STIs are designed to reward executive directors, 
including the CEO and CFO, for the achievement of annual 
financial, operational, and strategic objectives that support 
the company’s annual goals. The STI operates on a oneyear performance cycle, with targets set at the start of the 
fiscal year and payouts made in cash following year-end 
performance assessments. Performance is evaluated using 
a balanced scorecard approach, incorporating financial 
metrics (eg, revenue growth, profitability), operational KPIs, 
progress on strategic initiatives, and ESG outcomes. These 
targets are intended to be stretching yet achievable, 
reflecting the company’s priorities and its commitment 
to responsible growth.
Participation in LTI plans1
Our current remuneration policy provides for three types 
of LTIs: PSUs, global ecommerce SARs and stock options 
(SOs). These form a significant component of total executive 
remuneration and are structured to drive long-term value 
creation, reinforce alignment with shareholder interests, 
and retain high-performing leaders.
1 At 1 April 2025, the peer group comprises Adyen N.V., Airbnb, Alphabet, Amazon, Auto Trader, Bajaj Finance, Block, Booking.com, Chewy, Coupang, Deliveroo plc., 
DoorDash, eBay, Etsy, Expedia group, FSN Ecommerce (Nykaa), IAC, Grab, LY Corporation, Match group, Mercado Libre, Meta Platforms, Ocado group, One97 Comms, 
PayPal, Pinterest, Rakuten group, Sea Limited, Shopify Inc., Snap, Uber Technologies, Wayfair, Zalando SE, Zillow group and Zomato.
Award determination
Before determining the size and structure of any LTI award, 
the remuneration committee carefully considers three 
key factors:
» Superior business performance over the executive’s 
tenure, evidenced by long-term value creation for the 
company and its shareholders
» Strong individual contribution, reflecting consistent 
leadership and delivery against strategic objectives
» Market competitiveness, benchmarked against relevant 
industry peers with guidance from external advisers such 
as Willis Towers Watson and FW Cook.
LTI design and alignment
LTI awards are ‘at risk’ and directly linked to long-term 
company performance:
» 100% of the executive directors’ LTI outcomes depend 
on performance conditions, including business results, 
valuation of underlying assets, and other relevant metrics
» PSUs are linked to relative business performance and 
only vest if predefined conditions are met, ensuring 
alignment with shareholder returns
» SARs and SOs become exercisable only if there 
is a meaningful increase in the value of the underlying 
assets, reinforcing the focus on sustainable value growth.
Structure and governance
Participation in LTI plans is discretionary and not 
guaranteed. Awards are governed by detailed scheme 
rules and oversight by independent trustees to ensure 
transparency, fairness, and alignment with broader 
stakeholder interests.
Strategic weighting
Our executive remuneration is deliberately weighted toward 
LTIs. Each element plays a distinct role in supporting our 
long-term growth ambitions, fostering sustained 
performance, and securing alignment with shareholder 
outcomes.
RSUs are not applicable to executive directors but may 
be awarded selectively to other employees. All executive 
director remuneration packages, including LTI participation, 
are benchmarked regularly against global peers to ensure 
competitiveness and fairness.
62
Background and policy continued
‘Moonshot’ award to the CEO
The ‘moonshot’ award is a one-time, performance-based incentive introduced by Prosus 
in 2024 as part of its revised executive remuneration policy for the CEO. 
Designed to motivate the CEO to achieve extraordinary shareholder value creation, the award 
is contingent upon meeting two stringent performance criteria over a four-year period from 
10 July 2024, to 1 July 2028.
Strategic intent
The ‘moonshot’ award is a mechanism to attract and retain top executive talent capable 
of delivering transformative growth. By setting ambitious performance targets, the company 
aims to ensure that the award is earned only through exceptional achievement, thereby 
aligning executive rewards with shareholder interests.
Award structure and performance conditions
The ‘moonshot’ award has a face value of US$100m at the time of grant. To qualify for the 
award, the CEO must fulfil both of the following conditions: 
» Doubling of market capitalisation: The group’s aggregate market capitalisation (being the 
combined Naspers/Prosus market capitalisation expressed in US$) is doubled or better within 
a four-year period and that value is maintained for a minimum of one year
» Relative total shareholder return (TSR): The group’s net value creation over the four-year term 
measured in US$ in terms of total shareholder returns compared to the TSR peer group1
 beats 
the 50th percentile.
These conditions are designed to ensure that the award is granted only in the event 
of exceptional company performance, aligning the CEO’s incentives with substantial 
shareholder returns.
Further details on the ‘moonshot’ award can be found on page 70 and on our 
website at www.naspers.com/investors.
Blend of LTI PSU Global Ecommerce SAR SOs
Plan 
characteristics
A performance share award transferred to participants after time 
restrictions have passed, and vesting in full on the fourth anniversary 
of the grant, subject to the performance condition being met.
A right to benefit from any 
increase in value of the 
business unit over which 
an award is made.
Vests annually over four years.
A right to buy a company share 
at a pre-agreed price.
Vests annually over four years.
Performance Achievement of the performance condition is assessed by the human 
resources and remuneration committee based on total shareholder 
return (TSR) or CAGR, and validated by the valuations subcommittee 
as per the process described on page 67. The PSU conditions for the 
CEO are based on TSR, and described in full on page 70.
The level of achievement relative to the performance condition at the 
end of the performance period drives the number of shares that 
ultimately will vest:
» At threshold performance: Only 50% of the allocated shares will 
be awarded if the performance is at the 30th percentile or better 
of the peer group1
 (which is an increase from the 25th percentile 
that previously applied)
» At target performance: 100% of the allocated shares will be awarded 
if the performance is at the median or better of the peer group
» At maximum performance: 200% of the allocated shares will 
be awarded if the performance is at the 75th percentile or better 
of the peer group. 
The PSU threshold level of achievement was set at the 30th percentile 
above, aligned with international best practices and considering the 
highly competitive set of comparator companies1
. 
If the threshold level of performance is not achieved, no shares are 
awarded to the participant. If above-maximum performance 
is achieved, no more than 200% of allocated shares are awarded.
Embedded performance 
hurdle as there is no value 
to be gained unless there 
is an increase in value 
in the underlying, unlisted 
Ecommerce businesses 
(excluding Tencent) between 
grant and vesting/exercise.
Embedded performance hurdle 
as there is no value to be 
gained unless there is an 
increase in share value 
between grant and vesting/
exercise.
Settlement Depending on achievement against performance condition, between 
0% and 200% of awarded PSUs may vest and Prosus or Naspers2
shares are delivered3 on vesting.
Gains, if any, are settled 
in cash.
On exercise, SOs are settled 
in Naspers or Prosus shares3,4.
Focus on longerterm value 
creation
Value driven by longer-term outcomes.
The board remains committed to continuing on the journey of longterm value creation by the group. To emphasise that intent, FY26 
remuneration will be adjusted accordingly. Further details are on 
page 74.
Third-party valuation driven 
by longer-term projections. 
Market cap represents longerterm value.
Aligned with 
shareholder 
interests
PSUs align business strategy, objectives and other elements with 
executive compensation and shareholder returns.
Incentivises value creation 
in underlying Ecommerce 
businesses (excluding 
Tencent).
Aligned with shareholders, 
incentivising executive 
management to reduce discount 
to net asset value (NAV).
1 As at 1 April 2025, the peer group comprises Adyen N.V., Airbnb, Alibaba Group Ltd, Alphabet, Amazon, Auto Trader, Baidu, Bajaj Finance, BiliBili, Block, Booking.com, Chewy, Coupang, Deliveroo plc., DoorDash, eBay, Etsy, Exor N.V., 
Expedia group, FSN Ecommerce (Nykaa), Grab, IAC, JD.com, Kinnevik AB, Kuaishou Technology, LY Corporation, Match group, Meituan, Mercado Libre, Meta Platforms, NetEase, Ocado group, One97 Comms, PayPal, Pinduoduo, Pinterest, 
Rakuten group, Schibsted ASA, Sea Limited, Shopify Inc., Snap, SoftBank Group, Trip.com Group, Uber Technologies, Vipshop Ltd, Wayfair, Zalando SE, Zillow group and Zomato.
2 The issue of PSU and SO awards, if any, will gradually be rebalanced between Prosus and Naspers shares, aligned with the free-float ownership in Prosus and Naspers.
3 Shares are purchased in the market for cash to avoid shareholder dilution as a result of the company settling its LTI award obligations.
4 See page 67 for details on the valuation process.
63
SO How does a stock option (SO) work?
Granted:
400 SOs, and 
closing price 
on grant date 
is US$100 per 
scheme share
Share percentage 
of SOs vesting
Total number of SOs 
vested
Date
25%
First 
anniversary 
of grant
(year one)
100
25%
Second 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year two)
200
25%
Fourth 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year four)
400
25%
Third 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year three)
300
To illustrate: Two years after grant date, employees, assuming they did not exercise their first 100 after year 
one, may exercise and pay for 200 scheme shares, ie US$100 x 200 = US$20 000. If the market price 
of a scheme share has increased to US$120, and the employee decided to sell, that is a gain 
of US$20 per share. This means the employee shares in the success of the group by earning a benefit 
of US$4 000, ie US$20 x 200 scheme shares. If there is no increase in share value, there is no gain to 
the participant.
RSU How does a restricted share unit (RSU) work?
Granted:
200 RSUs
Percentage of 
RSUs vesting
Number of RSUs vested 
and settled per year
Date
25%
First 
anniversary 
of grant
(year one)
50
25%
Second 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year two)
50
25%
Fourth 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year four)
50
25%
Third 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year three)
50
To illustrate: One year after grant date, if the market price of a share has increased to US$120, the 
employee will automatically share in the success of the group by earning a benefit of US$6 000, 
ie US$120 x 50 RSUs. 
PSU How does a performance share unit (PSU) work?
Granted:
Performance 
conditions and 
vesting period 
specified 
at grant
Anniversary 
of grant
If yes
Continued 
employment
Measurement 
period
The vesting of a PSU is determined after the performance period, taking into account certain business 
performance conditions. PSUs will vest between 0% and 200% depending on the level of performance. 
If the threshold level of performance is not achieved, no shares will vest. If the performance metric is 
not met, the committee has the discretion to extend the measurement period.
SAR How does a share appreciation right (SAR) work?
Granted:
10 000 SARs 
at a value 
of US$10 each
Percentage
of SARs vesting
Total number
of SARs vested
Date
25%
First 
anniversary 
of grant
(year one)
2 500
25%
Second 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year two)
5 000
25%
Fourth 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year four)
10 000
25%
Third 
anniversary 
of grant 
(year three)
7 500
To illustrate: Two years after grant date, employees, assuming they did not exercise their first 2 500 after 
year one, may exercise 5 000 of their 10 000 SARs. If the value of an SAR at this point has increased 
to US$14, the employee made a gain of US$4 per SAR, giving the employee a total gain of US$20 000 
(5 000 SARs x US$4 gain per SAR). So, if exercised, the employee would be awarded a value 
of US$20 000. If there is no increase in SAR value, there is no gain to the participant.
Vesting of PSUs 
based on level 
of performance 
(0% to 200% 
of awarded 
PSUs)
Background and policy continued
Assessment of 
performance
64
Stakeholder engagement
Shareholder voting at annual general meetings
2024
(% in favour)
2023
(% in favour)
2022
(% in favour)
Remuneration report 88.1 89.95 90.91
Remuneration policy1 88.2 89.64 90.39
Non-executive directors’ remuneration1 99.8 – 99.9 99.89 – 99.99 99.37 – 99.51
Service contracts
Executive directors’ contracts comply with terms and 
conditions in the relevant local jurisdiction.
Fabricio Bloisi 
Date of appointment at the group 10 July 2024
Date of appointment to current position 10 July 2024
End date of current appointment 30 June 2028
Employer notice period Six months
Other non-executive roles
Executive directors do hold board positions outside the 
Prosus and Naspers groups. These are assessed by the 
chair of the board and committee to ensure they are 
appropriate.
Non-executive directors
The fee structure for non-executive directors has been 
designed to ensure we attract, retain and appropriately 
compensate a diverse and internationally experienced 
board of non-executive directors, given the highly 
competitive global markets in which we operate. 
Non-executive directors receive an annual fee 
as opposed to a fee per meeting, which recognises 
their ongoing responsibility for effective control of the 
company. They may also receive an additional fee 
for group board committees and subsidiary boards, to 
reflect additional responsibilities and associated time 
commitments. Remuneration is reviewed regularly and 
not linked to the company’s share price or performance.
Non-executive directors do not qualify for share 
allocations under the group’s incentive schemes.
The remuneration of non-executive directors is determined 
after regular benchmarking that primarily considers 
international comparators in the ecommerce sector, with 
comparable company size as well as the top 10 AEXlisted and JSE-listed companies.
Dual responsibilities
Non-executive directors receive no additional 
compensation for their dual responsibilities to Naspers 
and Prosus. However, the aggregate cost of their 
compensation is currently allocated 70% to Prosus and 
30% to Naspers. The split was determined based on the 
underlying assets and amount of time required to 
sufficiently fulfil their dual responsibilities.
For more information on terms of appointment, 
retirement and re-election of non-executive directors, 
refer to page 50. Percentages included above relate to votes for N ordinary 
shares and A ordinary shares exercised at the annual 
general meeting. 
We have outlined the committee’s decision process 
on remuneration on page 58. 
Post publication of the FY24 remuneration report and 
voluntary disclosure of an incoming CEO’s remuneration, 
the committee chair, head of investor relations, group 
company secretary and head of rewards engaged with 
key stakeholders on the group’s remuneration policy and 
implementation report.
The primary feedback from our engagements was the 
inclusion of the discount-linked incentive, reduction of the 
long-term incentive plans’ complexity and the introduction 
of publicly available performance conditions that can 
be independently tracked.
Executive directors
Recruitment policy
On appointing a new executive director, their package will 
be in line with our remuneration policy and the market.
Termination payment
The agreement with the CEO includes a gross termination 
payment equal to 12 months’ base pay payable if the 
agreement ends prior to the end of its term at the 
initiative of Prosus. 
The retirement benefits of the previous CFO are 
described on page 73. The agreement with the new 
CFO includes a gross termination payment payable 
under the same conditions as set out above with respect 
to the CEO.
Malus and clawback
Malus and clawback provisions apply to STIs and LTIs 
awarded to executive directors and the CEO’s direct reports 
(in line with article 135(6) and (8) of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil 
Code and our remuneration policy). All or part of the unpaid 
STI and unvested LTI may be modified or cancelled. In 
addition, all or part of the vested LTI may be claimed back. 
Malus and clawback provisions may be invoked for certain 
material events, including cases of material financial 
misstatement or gross misconduct on the part of the 
executive director or direct reports of the CEO.
Background and policy continued
Investing for sustainable long-term 
value creation
Naspers competes with tech companies of every 
size in the consumer internet industry worldwide. 
To compete effectively, our assets need to reach 
scale – in user numbers and markets served – 
relatively quickly. For Naspers, this translates 
to significant investment and support through their 
early loss-making years: our diverse portfolio 
allows us to sustain this investment phase 
or divest from assets that no longer meet our 
stringent criteria. This is a strategic choice as we 
search for entrepreneurs who can build global 
tech leaders addressing societal needs in highgrowth markets. At the same time, we have 
an obligation to shareholders who entrust their 
capital to Naspers to create sustainable, longterm value through disciplined capital allocation 
and robust financial performance. It is 
appropriate to incentivise management to find 
the correct balance between investing for growth 
and competing effectively.
1 In 2022, the resolution regarding adoption of the remuneration policy of the executive and non-executive directors was put to shareholders as a single item. In 2023, 
no amendments to the remuneration policy were proposed and it was therefore not put to shareholders.
65
Aligning remuneration to our strategy 
and performance
We outline how our remuneration policy was 
implemented in FY25 and how we intend to implement 
the policy in FY26. All decisions on remuneration have 
been made in line with our remuneration policy for this 
financial year and reflect our business performance.
Compensation is substantially ‘at risk’ and 
longer term
The human resources and remuneration committee 
emphasises the importance of aligning the remuneration 
outcomes of our executive directors to pay for growth and 
shareholder value creation. That is why our remuneration 
structures are highly ’at risk’, with a strong focus on the 
long term.
Remuneration mix awarded in FY25
At the time of appointment of the new CEO in July 2024, 
the group has disclosed his remuneration. 
Key components of the FY25 CEO’s 
remuneration:
» An annual salary
» An annual STI with clearly defined financial, strategic, 
operational and sustainability goals 
» A once-off long-term incentive award that focuses on LTI 
creation consisting of:
– PSUs based on total shareholder return (TSR) against 
a highly competitive set of peers (split into 30% 
Naspers and 70% Prosus), incentivising management 
on the performance of the stock
– Ecommerce SARS vesting annually at 25% each year 
over the four-year term, incentivising on performance 
of Ecommerce portfolio, excluding Tencent.
Business performance and remuneration outcomes
FY25
(%)
FY24
(%)
FY231
(%)
FY22
(%)
FY21
(%)
CAGR2
(%)
Company performance
aEBIT >100 78 (19) (>100) 53 1575
Organic revenue growth 21 19 16 16 61 176
Ecommerce share price growth 8 2 (24) (22) 55 (10)
CEO*
Cash3
 YoY change (64) (35) 145 (13) 5 (16)
LTI4
 YoY change 276 100 (100) (3) (2) 44
CFO
Cash3
 YoY change (29) (40) 98 (9) 5 (7)
LTI4
 YoY change (100) 100 (100) (2) 17 (100)
Employees
Global (including LTI)4 307:1 129:1 237:1 340:1 316:1
Netherlands (including LTI)4 38:1 16:1 30:1 40:1 19:1
Global (excluding LTI) 25:1 47:1 112:1 71:1 75:1
Netherlands (excluding LTI) 4:1 6:1 22:1 14:1 6:1
Average remuneration per 
full-time employee US$62 603 US$65 308 US$62 819 US$55 088 US$44 252
Refer to page 18 for more details. 
1 Includes continuing operations (excluding a portion of OLX Autos).
2 Period CAGR is between FY21 and FY25.
3 Base salary + benefits + actual bonus payout, using the currency in which the CEO and CFO (US$) is paid. 
4 Fair value at grant, using the currency (US$) in which we grant LTIs.
5 aEBIT has grown 157% from an aEBIT of -US$233m in FY21 to US$130m in FY25.
6 CAGR excludes OLX Autos and Avito and is calculated by taking FY21 as the starting value and FY21 plus the sum of the YoY organic growth from FY21 to FY25 as the ending value.
* CEO Fabricio Bloisi (based on actual numbers).
Implementation of remuneration policy
» Special once-off moonshot award to build shareholder 
value at an exceptional and peer-beating pace with 
a US$100m award triggered only when two conditions 
are met simultaneously:
– the group’s aggregate market capitalisation 
is doubled or better within a four-year period 
between 10 July 2024 and 30 June 2028 – and that 
value is maintained for at least one year following
– the group’s net value creation over the four-year term 
in terms of total shareholder returns compared to the 
peer group1
 beats the 50th percentile. 
» The committee will adjust the group market cap 
calculation at the time of the final measurement 
to make allowance for any events, which would 
theoretically increase, but not create real aggregate 
new value, or decrease the group market cap (eg rights 
offers, acquisitions for shares, distribution of assets 
or cash to our shareholders, special dividends, spinoffs, etc).
Fabricio Bloisi (%)*
● Annual fair value LTI 97
excluding STI (’moonshot’)
● Annual fixed pay 1
● Annual STI (target) 2
1 As at 1 April 2025, the peer group comprises Adyen N.V., Airbnb, Alibaba Group Ltd, Alphabet, Amazon, Auto Trader, Baidu, Bajaj Finance, BiliBili, Block, Booking.com, Chewy, Coupang, 
Deliveroo plc., DoorDash, eBay, Etsy, Exor N.V., Expedia group, FSN Ecommerce (Nykaa), Grab, IAC, JD.com, Kinnevik AB, Kuaishou Technology, LY Corporation, Match group, Meituan, Mercado 
Libre, Meta Platforms, NetEase, Ocado group, One97 Comms, PayPal, Pinduoduo, Pinterest, Rakuten group, Schibsted ASA, Sea Limited, Shopify Inc., Snap, SoftBank Group, Trip.com Group, Uber 
Technologies, Vipshop Ltd, Wayfair, Zalando SE, Zillow group and Zomato.
66
Employees
CEO’s remuneration compared with average employee remuneration
When reviewing the CEO’s remuneration, the human resources and remuneration committee considers international CEO 
market data, the CEO’s performance, business performance, and employees’ remuneration across the group. 
As a global technology group, we have a wide geographical footprint. Most of our activities and employees are based 
in high-growth countries, including India and Brazil, regions where socioeconomic disparities can be large. On a global level, 
the CEO pay ratio versus employees (including LTIs) is not considered an appropriate measure of fairness, given widely 
different pay levels in the countries where we operate.
The pay-at-risk portion for the CEO and, within that, more specifically LTIs, weighs heavily in our total executive remuneration 
mix. This approach is typical in the consumer internet and technology sector where we compete for the best talent. For 
completeness, we have also reviewed pay ratios excluding LTIs.
The ratios are obtained by dividing the FY25 total remuneration for the CEO by the FY25 average total remuneration of all other 
employees (which includes salaries, wages, on-target bonuses, pension and benefits for employees, excluding contractors). 
It excludes training and development that we offer to our employees. Details of staff costs appear in note 15 on page 68 of the 
consolidated financial statements.
Competitive pay – knowledge workers
We review the pay levels of our staff at least annually. Relative to pay in the markets and countries where we operate, 
our reward levels are competitive. The effectiveness of our reward philosophy and practices is confirmed via our formal 
employee engagement surveys: in recent years, most employees find that they are paid fairly, relative to similar jobs in 
other companies, reporting a high satisfaction level that is above external benchmarks.
Management of share-based incentive schemes
Valuations
The global Ecommerce portfolio
The performance of SARs is determined by YoY changes in the per-share valuation of the group’s global Ecommerce 
portfolio. This scheme excludes the performance of Tencent.
Methodology
The valuation is an amalgamation of a number of individual schemes and assets that are valued annually, or in the interim 
if required, by an independent external entity. In determining the company value and scheme share value, the valuer uses 
appropriate and reasonable valuation methods, including comparable peer multiples, precedent transactions and 
discounted cash flow (DCF) valuations. Importantly, the methodology has remained consistent since its inception, which 
is essential both for the legitimacy of the valuation and transparency for scheme participants.
Where predominantly employing a DCF methodology, the valuer is using assumptions for future cash generation, discount 
rates and long-term growth. These valuations assess the pathway to value creation and serve as a critical component 
of a comprehensive compensation vehicle designed to align management performance and compensation, excluding 
Tencent, with shareholder outcomes. It is also important to note that funding is initially dilutive to value, and many of our 
companies are early-stage or loss-making, meaning that the schemes are diluted by short-term investment and acquisitions. 
The global Ecommerce portfolio scheme is made up of underlying schemes, each with a different set of assumptions.
Public market valuations are not always applicable to parts of our portfolio, especially where assets are not listed or where 
market pricing does not reflect fundamental long-term value due to volatility, illiquidity, or other external factors. Relying 
solely on public data would therefore risk misalignment between executive incentives and the true, long-term value creation 
of the business. Instead, we engage a reputable third-party valuer to perform valuations. The use of an independent thirdparty valuer ensures objectivity and vigour, especially where market-based comparables may be sparse or unreliable. This 
approach helps remove bias and aligns with best practices in corporate governance.
Valuation reviews are conducted at least annually, or more frequently if there are material events such as mergers or 
acquisitions. The valuation process is reviewed and recommended by a dedicated subcommittee before being approved 
by the human resources and remuneration committee.
For performance share units (PSUs), valuation is determined by the market, as they are tied to publicly listed shares. These 
only accrue to participants when predefined performance hurdles are met, ensuring direct alignment with shareholder value.
FY25 valuation outcome
The group’s assets have achieved consolidated profitability, ahead of the target communicated to investors previously. 
This is attributable to the strong performance in the Classifieds and Food Delivery assets, but offset by performance 
in Payments and Fintech, as well as Edtech. The increase in the value of the portfolio reflects the rerating of all our listed 
assets, particularly Delivery Hero which recorded a YoY decline, but offset by increases in other listed assets. The updated 
valuations at 31 March 2025 reflect the performance of our businesses in the context of an ongoing difficult macroeconomic 
environment, including volatile market movements and high inflation that kept interest rates high in most of our markets.
Governance of our valuation process
Valuation process
Underlying business
submits 10-year business
plan and annual budget.
Naspers reviews all business
plans before providing
them to the external valuer.
Independently from
management, the valuer
values the underlying
assets at 31 March
annually and whenever a
significant change occurs.
The valuer issues a report
detailing the valuation for
each underlying operation.
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
67
Segment schemes and Ecommerce schemes are a ‘basket of assets’ representing the valuation of underlying operations
Governance
Report issue
The external 
valuer1
 issues 
a report with the 
respective sharescheme 
valuations.
Review
Valuations subcommittee of 
the human resources and 
remuneration committee reviews 
valuations before recommending 
values for approval to the human 
resources and remuneration 
committee. The subcommittee 
consists of members of the 
board: Craig Enenstein (chair) 
and Steve Pacak.
Submission
Reports from the 
valuer and valuations 
subcommittee submitted 
to human resources and 
remuneration committee 
as part of their approval 
process.
Approval
Once the human resources 
and remuneration committee 
approves valuations and 
resultant share prices, the 
share prices are updated 
and participants can exercise 
their SARs or SOs at these 
updated prices in accordance 
with the trading-in-securities 
policy.
Ecommerce portfolio and SARs performance 2023 to 2025 FY252 FY242 FY23
Ecommerce valuation (US$’m) 30 773 27 882 28 049
Ecommerce valuation growth (%) 10% N/A (22%)
SAR share price (US$’m) 36.56 33.42 38.11
Notional shares 21 058 061 20 854 276 18 401 174
Dilutive impact of group LTI schemes
The board has determined that no more than 5% of the current ordinary share N capital may be used for share-based 
incentive schemes.
LTI costs
LTIs across the group account for 11% of total staff costs, and 2.7% of overall group costs, for example the cost of providing 
services and sale of goods, selling, general and administration expenses. The LTI costs increased due to changes 
in valuation assumptions, including share prices and volatility, as well as the impact of allocations made and vesting 
of options. Further details can be found in note 38 on page 116 of the consolidated financial statements on our website at
www.naspers.com.
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Shares purchased in the market 
To avoid shareholder dilution from employee LTIs, since 1 April 2018, the group has purchased Naspers and Prosus shares 
on JSE/Euronext to issue new Naspers SOs, Naspers PSUs, Naspers RSUs, Prosus SOs, Prosus PSUs and Prosus RSUs 
to employees and settle gains made on all share-based incentive schemes (prior to 31 March 2020).
In FY25, the group purchased Naspers N ordinary shares to the value of US$8m (FY24: US$36m) and Prosus N shares to 
the value of US$53m (FY24: US$134m) in the market, totalling US$61m (FY24: US$170m). 
The table below sets out the details around Naspers shares purchased in the market during FY25 and FY24 in respect 
of grants made in the various share trusts:
2025 2024
Number
of shares
Purchase
price
(US$)2
Average
purchase
price range
(R)
Number
of shares
Purchase
price
(US$)2
Average
purchase 
price range 
(R)
MIH Holdings Share Trust1 36 615 7 151 324 3 413.46 13 107 2 325 094 3 323.26
Naspers Restricted Stock Plan Trust 6 152 1 293 777 3 709.46 186 368 33 335 280 3 311.82 – 
3 359.69
Total 42 767 8 445 101 199 475 35 660 374
1 The MIH Holdings Share Trust is used to grant Naspers options to our South African employees. 
2 Purchase price in ZAR converted to US$ by using the exchange rate on date of purchase.
1 KPMG was appointed as the external valuer for the group’s unlisted assets from FY23.
2 Since FY24 the group includes share-based compensation charges in its valuations of the businesses, whereas for periods before that date the valuation excludes share-based compensation.
68
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Executive directors’ remuneration versus company performance
Illustrating the implementation of our remuneration policy for executive directors in FY25, the tables below show a single figure for remuneration, as well as summarised STI and LTI.
Section 1: Chief executive officer – Fabricio Bloisi
FY25 single-figure tables
LTI7 Proportion 
of fixed 
remuneration 
(%)
Proportion
 of variable 
remuneration
Currency (%)
Base 
salary1
Standard
STI2
NPN TSR 
PSUs
PRX TSR 
PSUs
Total TSR 
PSUs3 SARs Pension
Other 
benefits4
Total 
remuneration
€’000 501 590 7 490 17 724 25 214 25 146 35 224 51 710 1% 99%
US$’000 542 638 8 103 19 174 27 277 27 203 38 242 55 940 1% 99%
STI – FY25 goals, targets and achievements
Group financial goals (%) Description Actual results (US$’000) Outcome
Actual payout
(US$’000)
Core headline earnings (including Tencent)5 10 Achieve core headline earnings at Naspers of US$2bn, 
including Tencent
US$3.1bn 75
Free cash to equity5 10 Achieve free cash-to-equity inflow at Naspers of US$798m US$968m 75
Reduce holding company discount 15 Improve holding company discount over 12 months
of FY25
Details on page 60 0
Ecommerce financials6 15 Deliver organic revenue growth for consolidated 
Prosus Ecommerce of 19%
US$1 145m 112.5
aEBIT6 20 Achieve aEBIT of US$249m for consolidated 
Prosus Ecommerce
US$443m 150
Subtotal 70 412.5
Strategic, operational and sustainability goals (%) Description Actual results (US$’000) Outcome
Actual payout
(US$’000)
Ecommerce ecosystem 10 Increase growth of group companies by 3% through 
synergies of the ecosystem
Details on page 6 75
ESG: People 10 Achieve employee engagement score of 78% positive 
or 2% higher than FY25
Details on page 108 75
ESG: People 5 Through promotions and new hiring, achieve outcome
of no fewer than two women in senior leadership of the
group
Details on page 112 37.5
ESG: Climate 5 Subsidiaries to effectively measure and document 
material scope 3 emissions
Details on page 101 37.5
Subtotal 30 225 
Total goal achievement 100 637.5
STI – FY25 goals, targets and 
achievements
STIs are based on financial, strategic, operational and 
sustainability performance targets tailored for each role, 
including financial objectives on the underlying business 
performance. The minimum STI payout is 0% of base salary, 
while the target and maximum STI opportunity are the same at 
100% of base salary, ie there is no opportunity to overachieve 
on bonus payout.
We disclose STI goals and achievements for FY25, as well 
as FY25 targets, retrospectively. Measurements for bonus 
achievement were based on the business plan for FY25.
In the integrated annual report, we have highlighted metrics for 
FY25 that were included in the STI of executive directors in the 
adjacent table.
The outcomes of the annual STI, as shown in the adjacent 
tables, resulted in annual bonus payout levels of US$637.5 or 
85% of the full-year base salary for Fabricio Bloisi.
1 Executive directors are executive directors of both Naspers and Prosus. Their remuneration as executive directors of these entities is split 10/90 between Naspers and Prosus. Fabricio Bloisi’s base salary is included on a pro rata basis.
2 This is the at-target and maximum STI as a percentage of base salary. FY25 STI goals are shown on page 69. Fabricio Bloisi’s STI is included on a pro rata basis.
3 Represents the grant date fair value of awards to be made during FY25 assuming on-target vesting for PSUs. The actual value accruing to the executive will depend on the real value created over the time of the award. The figure is based on indicative values 
and may therefore differ from the final fair value granted.
4 Medical insurance, life and disability insurance.
5 Financial target, actual results and outcomes based on Naspers results.
6 Financial target, actual results and outcomes based on Prosus results.
7 LTI awards are slightly higher in value in US$ than disclosed in July 2024 due to rounding.
69
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Executive remuneration
The below graph represents the one-time 
LTI, award granted to the CEO at the time 
of hire, excluding the special once-off 
‘moonshot’ award. During his current tenure, 
no additional LTI awards are expected 
to be made.
Balance of the CEO’s unvested LTIs as at 
31 March 2025:
CEO (%)
● Naspers PSUs 24 ● Ecommerce SARs 17
● Prosus PSUs 59
Overview of LTI awards 
Main conditions of share plans Number of unvested awards1 Value in US$
Fabricio Bloisi Performance metric Award date
Vesting 
date(s) Expiry date
Strike price 
of option/
SAR
Opening 
balance 
1 April 
2024 
(unvested)
Awarded 
during 
the year
Vested 
during 
the year
Closing 
balance 
31 March 
2025
(unvested)
Potential 
gain of 
awards 
vested during 
the year at 
vesting date
Potential 
value of 
unvested
awards 
31 March 
20252
Naspers performance 
share units (PSUs)
Four-year cliff – TSR 01/07/2024 30/06/2028 – – 32 662 – 32 662 – 8 057 154
Subtotal – – 32 662 – 32 662 – 8 057 154
Prosus performance share 
units (PSUs)
Four-year cliff – TSR 01/07/2024 30/06/2028 – – 430 295 – 430 295 – 19 818 370
Subtotal – – 430 295 – 430 295 – 19 818 370
Naspers global 
eCommerce share 
appreciation rights (SARs)
Four-year 
measurement 
of value growth 
of Ecommerce 
business units
01/07/2024 01/07/2028 01/07/2029 32.54 – 479 940 – 479 940 – 1 914 961
01/07/2024 01/07/2027 01/07/2029 32.54 – 479 939 – 479 939 – 1 914 957
01/07/2024 01/07/2026 01/07/2029 32.54 – 479 939 – 479 939 – 1 914 957
01/07/2024 01/07/2025 01/07/2029 32.54 – 479 939 – 479 939 – 1 914 957
Subtotal – 1 919 757 – 1 919 757 – 7 659 832
Total – 2 382 714 – 2 382 714 – 35 535 356
1 The aggregate number of vested but unexercised Naspers SOs awarded in 2022 for Fabricio is 9 380. The share-based payment reserve of vested but unexercised SOs is included in aggregate retained earnings balance shown in note 38 of the financial statements on page 120. 
2 The potential value of unvested awards on 31 March 2025 is calculated by taking the difference between the closing share price on 31 March 2025 and the offer price (if applicable) and multiplying that difference by the number of unvested SARs/PSUs as at 31 March 2025. 100% 
vesting has been assumed for the PSU awards.
Special once-off ‘moonshot’ award
The board delegated to the human resources and remuneration committees the remit to finalise Fabricio Bloisi’s remuneration package, involving auditing oversight by the chair of the audit committees. In consultation with Fabricio Bloisi and 
valuation advisers, taking into account our peer groups, the committee completed and finalised Fabricio’s remuneration package, which includes a special once-off ‘moonshot’. Fabricio is incentivised to build shareholder value at an exceptional 
and peer-beating pace. A once-off moonshot award will be triggered only when two conditions are met simultaneously:
1 The group’s aggregate market capitalisation (being the combined Naspers/Prosus market capitalisation expressed in US$) is doubled or better within a four-year period between 1 July 2024 and 30 June 2028 – and that value is maintained 
for at least one year, thus to 30 June 2029.
 This market cap calculation will be adjusted for corporate actions which may create value for shareholders, but theoretically would reduce the market cap. Examples include, but are not limited to: distribution of assets or cash to our 
shareholders, special dividends, spin-offs to shareholders, plus potentially other distribution events. These values would be added to the value of our aggregate market cap at the time of its final measurement in four years. First, the market 
cap of the group must double from US$84bn to US$168bn over a four-year period. This implies a growth in value of an average of above 19% per year. Very few companies have achieved that consistently over four years. Put differently, the 
challenge to Fabricio is to add more new value to our group. To use comparisons from our peer group: create a ‘new company’ bigger than either of the present market cap of SoftBank, PayPal, Shopify or Airbnb. That is a tough assignment 
indeed.
2 The group’s net value creation over the four-year term measured in US$ in terms of total shareholder returns (TSR) compared to the TSR peer group beats the 50th percentile.
 This peer group includes some of the biggest, toughest and best companies in the world. Listed alphabetically: Adyen N.V., Airbnb, Alibaba Group Ltd, Alphabet, Amazon, Auto Trader, Baidu, Bajaj Finance, BiliBili, Block, Booking.com, Chewy, 
Coupang, Deliveroo plc., DoorDash, eBay, Etsy, Exor N.V., Expedia group, FSN Ecommerce (Nykaa), Grab, IAC, JD.com, Kinnevik AB, Kuaishou Technology, LY Corporation, Match group, Meituan, Mercado Libre, Meta Platforms, NetEase, 
Ocado group, One97 Comms, PayPal, Pinduoduo, Pinterest, Rakuten group, Schibsted ASA, Sea Limited, Shopify Inc., Snap, SoftBank Group, Trip.com Group, Uber Technologies, Vipshop Ltd, Wayfair, Zalando SE, Zillow group and Zomato. 
3 Market capitalisation for the purposes of the moonshot incentive will be based on the free-float (unrestricted) shareholding, and calculated as follows: group market cap = (Prosus issued N shares – treasury shares – Naspers ownership 
in Prosus) * share price * EUR/US$ FX (Prosus market cap) + (Naspers issued N shares – treasury shares) * share price * ZAR/US$ FX (Naspers market cap):
» This market cap calculation will be adjusted for corporate actions which may create value for shareholders, but theoretically would reduce the market cap. Examples include, but are not limited to: distribution of assets or cash to our 
shareholders, special dividends, spin-offs to shareholders, plus potentially other distribution events. These values would be added to the value of our aggregate market cap at the time of its final measurement in four years.
» The aim is to ensure that the new value built for our shareholders over four years is measured fairly. Adjustments will be made to achieve this.
» The share buyback programme is a board decision, not in the hands of management only. It will always remain subject to board approval. As previously stated, the intention is to continue with the programme as is running at present.
If he meets all these conditions, Fabricio will receive a special once-off award of US$100m in Prosus and Naspers shares (split 70/30) in July 2029 that recognises truly exceptional performance. We believe this LTI award will be very difficult 
to achieve, as it sets up two separate hurdles, which are both tough:
» Firstly, Fabricio has to double the market capitalisation of the entire group within four years. With the aggregate market capitalisation of Prosus and Naspers at US$84bn on 1 July 2024, the target is US$168bn in four years
» Secondly, Fabricio has to outperform the majority of our peers – some of the most energetic and best tech groups in the world.
We believe the relative size of the award is therefore justified if both conditions are achieved, in which case the reward will be a small fraction of the total new net value created.
70
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Section 2: Former chief financial officer – Basil Sgourdos
Basil retired as chief financial officer and executive financial director on 30 November 2024. We disclose Basil’s remuneration from 1 April 2024 to 30 November 2024 (full-time employment) 
and the agreed terms of his continued service as a consultant until 31 December 2025. Basil Sgourdos’ remuneration as CFO and an executive director terminated on 30 November 2024.
FY25 single-figure tables (on a pro rata basis)
Currency
Base 
salary
Standard
STI Pension
Other 
benefits3
Total 
remuneration4
Proportion 
of fixed 
remuneration 
(%)
Proportion
 of variable 
remuneration
(%)
€’000 918 686 64 18 1 686 59 41
US$’000 993 742 69 19 1 823 59 41
STI – FY25 goals, targets and achievements (on a pro rata basis)
Group financial goals5 Weighting (%) Target Actual results (US$’000) Outcome6
Actual payout
(US$’000)
Core headline earnings (including Tencent) 16.6 Achieve core headline earnings at Naspers of US$2bn, 
including Tencent
US$3.1bn 145
Free cash to equity 16.7 Achieve free cash-to-equity inflow at Naspers of US$737m US$968m 146
aEBIT 16.7 Achieve consolidated Naspers Ecommerce businesses 
aEBIT of US$219m
US$430m 146
Subtotal 50 437
Strategic, operational and sustainability goals Weighting (%) Target Actual results (US$’000) Outcome
Actual payout
(US$’000)
Holding company discount 15 Improving the holding company discount for FY25 Details on page 60 0
Taxation 10 Executed plans to navigate the changing global tax 
landscape
Details on page 85 88
Governance, internal audit and risk management 10 Ensured effective systems of internal control were operated 
throughout the group’s subsidiaries
Details on page 48 88
Balance sheet 5 Deliver appropriate funding structures for the Naspers 
group
Details on page 18 43
Sustainability: Reporting 5 CSRD-compliant integrated annual report to be published 
with limited assurance
Details on page 1 43
Sustainability: People 5 Establish more frequent co-operation between the global 
functions and the rest of the organisation to enhance 
collaboration. Design and implement a combined internal 
net promoter score (NPS) for group functions
Details on page 18 43
Subtotal 50 305
Total 100 742
STI – FY25 goals, targets and 
achievements
STIs are based on financial, strategic, operational and 
sustainability performance targets tailored for each role, including 
financial objectives on the underlying business performance. The 
minimum STI payout is 0% of base salary, while the target and 
maximum STI opportunity are the same at 100% of base salary, 
ie there is no opportunity to overachieve on bonus payout.
We disclose STI goals and achievements for FY25, as well 
as FY25 targets, retrospectively. Measurements for bonus 
achievement were based on the business plan for FY25.
In the integrated annual report, we have highlighted metrics for 
FY25 that were included in the STI of executive directors in the 
adjacent table.
The outcomes of the annual STI, as shown in the adjacent tables, 
resulted in annual bonus payout levels of US$742 or 85% of base 
salary for Basil Sgourdos (CFO) (on a pro rata basis).
1 Represents the grant date fair value in accordance with IFRS 2 of awards made during FY22, assuming on-target vesting for PSUs. The actual value accruing to the executive will depend on the real value created over the time of the award. PSUs and SOs will 
be partly settled in Naspers shares (approximately 43%) and partly in Prosus shares (approximately 57%). The figures disclosed in the 2023 remuneration report were estimated and therefore differ slightly from figures reported in this table.
2 The total IFRS 2 expense is shown in note 42 ‘Related party transactions and balances’ (executive directors remuneration) of the financial statements.
3 Medical insurance, life and disability insurance.
4 Executive directors are executive directors of both Naspers and Prosus. The costs of their remuneration as executive directors of these entities are split 10/90 between Naspers and Prosus. The remuneration paid to executive directors above reconciles with 
executive directors’ remuneration disclosed as note 42 of the consolidated financial statements. In note 42, we show base pay, STI, pension and benefits at 90% of the aggregate cost as set out in this remuneration report, plus the full IFRS 2 expense of the LTI per 
footnote 1, minus the FY14 LTI awards in fair value of grant as shown in this single-figure table.
5 Financial target, actual results and outcomes based on Naspers results.
6 Outcome assessed after adjustments for M&A, foreign exchange/constant currency and other approved items.
71
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Main conditions of share plans Number of unvested awards1 Value in US$
Basil Sgourdos Performance metric Award date
Vesting 
date(s) Expiry date
Strike price 
of option/
SAR
Opening 
balance 
1 April 
2024 
(unvested)
Awarded 
during 
the year
Vested 
during 
the year
Closing 
balance 
31 March 
2025
(unvested)
Potential 
gain of 
awards 
vested during 
the year at 
vesting date2
Potential 
value of 
unvested
awards 
31 March 
20253
Naspers performance share units (PSUs) Three-year cliff – TSR 21/06/2021 21/06/2024 16 472 – (16 472) – 3 198 498 –
Subtotal 16 472 – (16 472) – 3 198 498 –
Prosus performance share units (PSUs) Three-year cliff – TSR 21/08/2021 26/08/2024 15 995 – (15 995) – 1 287 797 –
Subtotal 15 995 – (15 995) – 1 287 797 –
Naspers global Ecommerce share 
appreciation rights (SARs)
Four-year measurement of value growth 
of Ecommerce business units
21/09/2020 21/09/2024 21/09/2030 41.98 37 080 – (37 080) – – –
21/06/2021 21/06/2024 21/06/2031 63.89 23 165 – (23 165) – – –
21/06/2021 21/06/2025 21/06/2031 63.89 23 166 – – 23 166 – –
29/06/2023 29/06/2024 29/06/2029 34.98 35 490 – (35 490) – 102 566 –
29/06/2023 29/06/2025 29/06/2029 34.98 35 490 – – 35 490 – 84 821
Subtotal 154 391 – (95 735) 58 656 102 566 84 821
Naspers N share options (SOs) Four-year share price growth 21/09/2020 21/09/2024 21/09/2030 2 827.88 2 105 – (2 105) – 103 511 –
13/07/2021 13/07/2024 13/07/2031 2 819.37 1 372 – (1 372) – 63 868 –
13/07/2021 13/07/2025 13/07/2031 2 819.37 1 373 – – 1 373 127 339
27/06/2023 27/06/2024 27/06/2033 3 261.28 899 – (899) – 14 411 –
27/06/2023 27/06/2025 27/06/2033 3 261.28 899 – – 899 – 61 687
Subtotal 6 648 – (4 376) 2 272 181 790 189 026
Prosus share options (SOs) Four-year share price growth 26/08/2021 26/08/2024 26/08/2031 71.61 1 360 – (1 360) – 18 759 –
26/08/2021 26/08/2025 26/08/2031 71.61 1 362 – – 1 362 – 31 188
28/08/2023 26/06/2024 28/06/2033 67.19 3 303 – (3 303) – 653 –
28/08/2023 28/08/2025 28/06/2033 67.19 3 303 – – 3 303 – 91 487
Subtotal 9 328 – (4 663) 4 665 19 412 122 675
Total 202 834 – (137 241) 65 593 4 790 063 396 522
1 The aggregate number of vested but unexercised SARs and SOs for Basil is 971 865 (FY24: 876 130) and 7 383 (FY24: 56 306) respectively. The aggregate cash-settled share-based payment liabilities of vested but unexercised SARs is included in note 38 of the financial statements on page 123. The share-based payment reserve of vested but 
unexercised SOs is included in the aggregate retained earnings balance shown in note 38 of the financial statements on page 125.
2 The potential gain vested in FY25 is calculated by taking the difference between the closing share price on vesting date and the offer price and multiplying that difference by the number of SOs/SARs that vested in FY25. The potential gain of the PSU award vested in FY24 reflects the actual pre-tax gain. With the exception of the PSU, the value does not 
necessarily accrue to the individual. It is available to them should they have chosen the exercise (buy and/or sell shares) on or after the date the SOs or SARs vested. In line with previous Prosus and Naspers capitalisation issues, Prosus shares were linked to Naspers and Prosus awards. The value of the additional Prosus shares is included where 
relevant.
3 The potential value of unvested awards on 31 March 2025 is calculated by taking the difference between the closing share price on 31 March 2025 and the offer price (if applicable) and multiplying that difference by the number of unvested SOs/SARs/PSUs as at 31 March 2025. With the exception of the PSU vesting in FY25, 100% vesting has been 
assumed for the PSU awards. In line with previous Prosus and Naspers capitalisation issues, Prosus shares were linked to Naspers and Prosus awards. The value of the additional Prosus shares is included where relevant. 
72
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Section 3: Remuneration paid to former chief executive, Bob van Dijk
Bob van Dijk stepped down as chief executive and executive director on 18 September 2023. In the remuneration report for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2024, we disclosed Bob’s remuneration and the agreed payments in terms of contractual 
obligations.
Severance payment
Bob remained available for consultation and guidance for the period 1 April 2024 to 30 September 2024 to allow for 
a smooth transition. In respect of these services rendered, a gross fee of €113 436.18 per month was paid.
LTIs vested and exercised in FY25
PSUs vested
To compensate Bob for the lapse of certain LTI awards, the performance conditions for PSU awards in the Prosus N.V. Share 
Award Plan (granted on 26 August 2021) and in the Naspers Restricted Stock Plan Trust (granted on 21 June 2021) have 
been regarded as met. Bob will therefore be entitled to an additional gross payment. This additional payment will be equal 
to the amount he would have received if continued vesting of the relevant 2021 PSU awards. The amount payable will 
be fixed at the value of the 2021 PSU awards on the date on which they would have vested and will be payable on that 
same date. 
The achievement of the performance conditions was assessed by the human resources and remuneration committee and 
validated by the valuations subcommittee, as per the valuations process described on pages 67 and 68.
The gross payments relating to the PSUs are summarised below:
Date vested/
exercised
Number of
PSUs
Gross gain
(pre-tax)
US$
Prosus PSUs 26/08/2024 26 993 2 191 839.66
Naspers PSUs 21/06/2024 27 796 5 408 120.14
Total 7 599 959.80
These are final payments made to Bob van Dijk in terms of his severance agreement.
Basil Sgourdos’ LTIs vested and exercised in FY25
PSUs vested
In FY22, Basil Sgourdos was awarded 16 472 Naspers PSUs and 15 995 Prosus PSUs, respectively. The level of achievement 
relative to the performance condition, at the end of the performance period, was determined at target and resulted 
in a 100% vesting. The total number of Naspers PSUs and Prosus PSUs that vested was 16 472 and 15 995 respectively.
The achievement of the performance condition was assessed by the human resources and remuneration committee and 
validated by the valuations subcommittee, as per the valuations process described on pages 67 and 68.
Details of the above transactions have been summarised below:
Basil Sgourdos 
Date vested/
exercised
Number 
of PSUs/SOs
Gross gain 
(pre-tax) 
US$1
Naspers PSUs 21/06/2024 16 472 3 198 498
Prosus PSUs 26/08/2024 15 995 1 287 797
Total 4 486 295
Retirement benefits
Basil Sgourdos remains eligible for his STI for the financial year ended 31 March 2025, on a pro rata basis. His LTIs will 
continue to vest (or lapse) in accordance with their respective terms and conditions, except for entitlements under the PSU 
plans which will lapse, except for the 2023 awards which, if the board determines in 2026 that the performance condition 
has been met for these lapsed awards, there will be an equivalent cash payment. His medical aid was paid to the end 
of FY25.
Consulting agreement
Effective 1 December 2024, the group entered into a consultancy agreement with Basil Sgourdos to provide specialist 
financial advice and consulting services. This includes offering guidance to the newly appointed CFO and financial director, 
as well as supporting companies within the group preparing for initial public offerings. The agreement is set to terminate 
on 31 December 2025, unless extended by mutual consent. A monthly fee of €20 000 (excluding VAT) will be paid for 
services rendered.
1 The gain on linked Prosus shares is included above.
73
Non-executive directors
Non-executive directors’ fees
Given the global scale and complexity of the businesses we operate and in which we have interests, it is important that 
we can attract and retain the best globally orientated board members. Accordingly, the committee regularly benchmarks our 
fees for non-executive directors to ensure they are competitive, fair and reasonable. This process is informed by the external 
market, including market-fee levels for Naspers and Prosus industry peers internationally, as well as fee levels in the 
top 10 AEX and JSE companies.
Based on a recent review, the board is proposing a 5% fee increase for FY26.
Non-executive directors’ fee development
FY27
(%)
(proposed)
FY26
(%)
FY25
(%)
FY24
(%)
FY23 
(%)
(deferred 
to 2024)
FY22
(%)
FY21
(%)
Non-executive directors
Board 27 5 5 5 0 5 0
Committees 5 5 5 5 0 5 0
Trustees of group share 
schemes/other personnel funds 5 5 5 5 0 5 0
All members: Daily fees when travelling 
to and attending meetings outside 
home country 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total non-executive fees paid (US$’000) 5 440 5 039 4 734 4 782 4 836
Note: Following the listing of Prosus N.V. on the Euronext Amsterdam in September 2019, Naspers non-executive directors serve on the boards of both companies, with fees 
split 30/70 between Naspers and Prosus.
No additional fees are paid to board members serving on the projects committee or the valuations subcommittee of the 
human resources and remuneration committee. Non-executive directors do not receive any short or long-term incentives 
or equity-based compensation.
Non-executive directors serve on the boards of both Naspers and Prosus and receive no additional compensation for their 
dual responsibilities. Fees are split 30/70 between Naspers and Prosus, pro-rated from the date of listing Prosus. The split 
was determined based on the underlying assets and amount of time required to ensure that sufficient attention was paid 
to their dual responsibilities.
The non-executive chair does not receive additional remuneration for attending meetings or being a member of or chairing 
any committee of the board, or attending Tencent board and committee meetings.
Non-executive directors’ fees as approved at annual general meetings1
US$ (unless specified) Status
31 March
 2024
(total
 proposed 
fee payable
 by Naspers
 and Prosus)
31 March 
2025
(total
 proposed
 fee payable
 by Naspers
 and Prosus)
31 March
 2025
(proposed
 amount
 payable
 by Naspers
31 March 
2025
(proposed
 amount
 payable
 by Prosus)
Board Chair2 549 405 576 873 173 062 403 811 
Member 219 762 230 750 69 225 161 525 
All members: Daily fees when travelling to and 
attending meetings outside home country 3 500 3 500 1 050 2 450 
Committees
Audit committee Chair 135 360 142 127 42 638 99 489 
Member 54 144 56 852 17 055 39 797
Risk committee Chair 80 400 84 420 25 326 59 094 
Member 32 160 33 768 10 130 23 638 
Human resources and remuneration committee Chair 95 120 99 874 29 962 69 912 
Member 38 048 39 950 11 985 27 965 
Nominations committee Chair 51 268 53 830 16 149 37 681 
Member 20 507 21 532 6 460 15 072 
Social and ethics and sustainability committee Chair 70 363 73 885 22 166 51 720 
Member 28 145 29 553 8 866 20 687
Other 
Trustee of group share schemes/other personnel 
funds R59 270 R62 234 R18 670 R43 564
1 Following the listing of Prosus on the Euronext Amsterdam, Naspers non-executive directors serve on the boards of both Naspers and Prosus. As a result of these dual 
responsibilities, proposed fees will be split between Naspers and Prosus on a 30/70 basis.
2 The chair of Prosus does not receive additional remuneration for attending meetings or being a member of or chairing any committee of the board. He receives 
no compensation for serving on the board of Tencent.
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
74
Non-executive directors’ fees – US$’000
Director fees for the year ended 31 March 2025
Directors fees1 Committees and trusts Other fees2
Non-executives Total
Paid by
company
Paid by
subsidiary
Paid by
company
Paid by
subsidiary
Paid by
company
Paid by
subsidiary
JP Bekker3 657 23 – 8 – – 688
HJ du Toit4 – – – – – – –
S Dubey 297 – 57 – – – 354
CL Enenstein 297 – 121 – – 50 468
M Girotra 283 – 57 – – – 340
RCC Jafta 304 69 117 39 – – 529
AGZ Kemna 280 – 91 – – – 371
FLN Letele 297 – 30 – – – 327
D Meyer 301 – 74 – – – 375
R Oliveira de Lima 283 – 61 – – 50 394
SJZ Pacak 287 – 227 – – – 514
MR Sorour5 297 – – – – 120 417
JDT Stofberg 297 – 30 – – – 327
Y Xu 308 – 28 – – – 336
Total 4 188 92 893 47 – 220 5 440
1 Following the listing of Prosus, non-executive directors serve on the boards of both Naspers and Prosus. As a result of these dual responsibilities, fees were split between 
Naspers and Prosus on a 30/70 basis.
2 Compensation for assignments.
3 These fees cover the chairing of Naspers, Naspers board committees and membership of the board of Tencent. Koos elected to donate the after-tax equivalent of all his 
directors’ fees to education. This year the recipients will be two schools in Cape Town, South Africa.
4 Hendrik du Toit elected not to receive directors’ fees.
5 Mark Sorour received US$11 578.82 from MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited for the period 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025. This payment relates to the increased cost 
of medical aid for retired members of the MMED medical aid scheme after the unbundling of MultiChoice group Limited. Originally, it was noted that the company would 
provide an annual allowance to cover the difference in cost for retired scheme members. This is not disclosed in the above table.
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
Director fees for the year ended 31 March 2024
Directors fees1 Committees and trusts Other fees2
Non-executives Total
Paid by
company
Paid by
subsidiary
Paid by
company
Paid by
subsidiary
Paid by
company
Paid by
subsidiary
JP Bekker3 609 21 – 7 – – 637 
HJ du Toit4
 – – – – – – – 
S Dubey6 265 – 54 – – – 319 
CL Enenstein 265 – 116 – – 50 431 
M Girotra 237 – 54 – – – 291 
RCC Jafta 283 64 112 36 – – 495 
AGZ Kemna 237 – 86 – – – 323 
FLN Letele 283 – 28 – – – 311 
D Meyer 283 – 70 – – – 353 
R Oliveira de Lima 286 – 59 – – 50 395 
SJZ Pacak 283 – 216 – – – 499 
MR Sorour5 272 – – – – 120 392 
JDT Stofberg 286 – 28 – – – 314 
Y Xu 279 – – – – – 279 
Total 3 868 85 823 43 – 220 5 039 
1 Following the listing of Prosus, non-executive directors serve on the boards of both Naspers and Prosus. As a result of these dual responsibilities, fees were split between 
Naspers and Prosus on a 30/70 basis.
2 Compensation for assignments.
3 These fees cover the chairing of Naspers, Naspers board committees and membership of the board of Tencent. Koos elected to donate the after-tax equivalent of all his 
directors’ fees to education. This year the recipients will be two schools in Cape Town, South Africa.
4 Hendrik du Toit elected not to receive directors’ fees.
5 Mark Sorour received US$11 320.59 from MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited for the period 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024. This payment relates to the increased cost 
of medical aid for retired members of the MMED medical aid scheme after the unbundling of MultiChoice group Limited. Originally, it was noted that the company would 
provide an annual allowance to cover the difference in cost for retired scheme members. This is not disclosed in the above table.
6 Appointed as a director of Prosus on 24 August 2022 and Naspers on 1 April 2022.
75
Implementation of remuneration policy continued
General notes
Directors’ fees include fees for services as directors, where appropriate, of Naspers and Media24 Proprietary Limited. 
An additional fee may be paid to directors for work done because of specific expertise. Committee fees include fees for 
attending meetings of the audit committee, risk committee, human resources and remuneration committee, nominations 
committee and social, ethics and sustainability committee. Non-executive directors are subject to regulations on appointment 
and rotation in terms of Naspers’ memorandum of incorporation, Prosus’ articles of association, Dutch legal requirements 
and the South African Companies Act.
The group arranges for and pays directors and officers’ liability insurance for the directors and officers of the group.
As at the date of this report, the group has not provided any personal loans, advances or guarantees to the executive and 
non-executive directors.
Koos Bekker and Cobus Stofberg each have an indirect 25% interest in Wheatfields 221 Proprietary Limited, which controls 
168 605 Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited ordinary shares, 16 860 500 Keeromstraat 30 Beleggings (RF) Limited ordinary 
shares, 179 988 (FY24: 179 988) Naspers A shares and 1 207 198 (FY24: 1 207 198) Prosus A1 shares.
Subsequent to the year-end, with effect from 1 April 2025, Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa was appointed as an executive 
director. Furthermore, Nico Marais was appointed CFO and financial director on 29 April 2025. At the time of issuing the 
integrated annual report, they had the following interests in Naspers N and A ordinary shares:
Directors
Naspers N 
ordinary shares 
– beneficial 
Naspers A 
ordinary shares 
– beneficial
Direct Indirect Direct Indirect
Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa 255 39 1431 – –
Nico Marais – 25 9851 134 –
Compliance
There were no deviations from the executive and non-executive directors’ remuneration policy in FY25.
Executive and non-executive directors’ interest in Naspers shares
The directors of Naspers had the following interests in Naspers A ordinary shares on 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2025:
Directors
31 March 2025 – Naspers A 
ordinary shares – beneficial
31 March 20241 – Naspers A 
ordinary shares – beneficial
Direct Indirect Total Direct Indirect Total
JDT Stofberg – 175 175 – 175 175
SJZ Pacak – 106 106 – 1062 106
Total 281 281 281 281
The directors of Naspers had the following interests in Naspers N ordinary shares on 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2025:
Directors
31 March 2025 – Naspers N 
ordinary shares – beneficial
31 March 20243 – Naspers 
ordinary shares – beneficial
Direct Indirect Total Direct Indirect4 Total
JP Bekker – 1 687 887 1 687 887 – 1 687 887 1 687 887
F Bloisi – – – – – –
HJ du Toit 1 265 – 1 265 1 265 – 1 265
S Dubey – – – – – –
CL Enenstein – 415 415 – 415 415
M Girotra – – – – – –
RCC Jafta – – – – – –
AGZ Kemna – – – – – –
FLN Letele 2 604 – 2 604 2 604 – 2 604
D Meyer – – – – – –
R Oliveira de Lima – – – – – –
SJZ Pacak 113 986 28 800 142 786 113 986 28 800 142 786
V Sgourdos2,3 – – – – 143 223 143 223
MR Sorour4,5,6 900 442 1 342 900 81 296 82 196
JDT Stofberg 81 028 291 888 372 916 81 028 291 888 372 916
B van Dijk7 – – – 175 236 291 899 467 135
Y Xu – – – – – –
Total 199 783 2 009 432 2 209 215 375 019 2 525 408 2 900 427
1 Naspers SOs that have been released (vested), but not yet been exercised, are included in the indirect column: Basil Sgourdos: 4 376 as at 30 November 2024 
(FY24: 50 378); Mark Sorour: 0 (FY24: 80 854); Phuthi Mahanyele-Debengwa 39 143; Nico Marais 25 985.
2 On 13 July 2023, Basil Sgourdos transferred 25 522 shares from his own name to a recently established family trust. In addition, Basil Sgourdos exercised a total 
of 45 995 share options and the linked Prosus N.V. share options. Basil disposed 27 300 shares at an average cost of R3 372.17 per share to cover taxes and took 
delivery of the remaining 18 695 shares in his recently established family trust.
3 On 21 and 22 September 2023, Basil Sgourdos exercised 57 246 Naspers PSUs. He disposed of 840 Naspers N ordinary shares at an average price of R3 049.61 per share 
and 7 778 Naspers N ordinary shares at an average price of R3 014.69 per share and took delivery of the remaining 48 628 Naspers N ordinary shares into his family trust.
4 On 27 June 2023, Mark Sorour exercised 37 479 share options and the additional linked share options received at the time of the listing of Prosus. Mark Sorour disposed 
of 19 900 of the shares at an average price of R3 270.41 per share and took delivery of the remaining 17 579 shares in his own name.
5 On 8 February 2024, Mark Sorour exercised 41 095 share options and the additional linked share options received at the time of the listing of Prosus. Mark Sorour 
disposed of 23 689 of the shares at an average price of R3 367.84 per share and took delivery of the remaining 17 406 shares in his own name.
6 On 25 March 2024, Mark Sorour sold 35 434 Naspers N ordinary shares on market at an average price of R3 133.68 per share.
7 Resigned as a director of Naspers and Prosus on 18 September 2023.
76
Looking forward to FY26
Looking forward to FY26 
Our remuneration philosophy underpins our 
group strategy and the achievement of our 
business objectives. Our commitment to pay for 
growth and alignment with shareholder value 
creation drives all our remuneration activities 
and supports innovation and the spirit of 
entrepreneurship in our teams around the world. 
Annually, we continue evolving our remuneration 
systems to reflect latest market practices, 
shareholder feedback and business growth.
Proposed changes to the 
remuneration policy
For FY26, we are implementing the following 
policy changes, applicable to the workforce, 
some of which are subject to shareholder 
approval:
» Aligned to the business strategy we will 
reframe the award philosophy to incentivise 
for growth
– Redesigning the STI to align with the 
group’s new strategy
– LTI will continue to be mainly SARs.
» To ensure that the material reduction of the 
discount to net asset value (NAV) is reduced, 
the CEO and CFO bonus includes a specific 
discount-linked STI KPI
» Include a moonshot element to the 
remuneration for direct reports to the CEO 
for portfolio companies
» To include that the CEO holds a number 
of Naspers and Prosus shares in relation 
to his salary over his prescribed 
employment tenue.
LTI awards to be made in FY26
LTI awards comprise a significant portion 
of total executive compensation and are 
designed to incentivise the delivery of 
sustainable longer-term growth and provide 
alignment with our shareholders. The entirety 
of our executives’ LTI is determined by the 
performance of the company and growth in the 
valuation of the underlying assets and, as such, 
is deemed ’at risk’. We continue to assess and 
adjust the relevance in terms of size, scale and 
sector of the peer group for prospective PSU 
awards.
The LTI awards granted in FY25 to the CEO are 
a once-off grant that covers the full four-year 
term of Fabricio’s appointment. During his 
current tenure, no additional LTIs are to be 
granted. 
For Nico Marais, LTI awards will follow the 
annual LTI award structure of the group. 
Executive remuneration
Section 1: Chief executive, Fabricio Bloisi
The CEO’s remuneration remains unchanged, except for his salary increase and annual STI.
FY26 single-figure table
Fixed 
remunerations1
Standard 
STI2 Pension
Other
benefits3
Total
remuneration4
Proportion of
variable
remuneration
(%)
€’000 763 763 54 128 1 708 45
US$’000 825 825 58 138 1 846 45
FY26 base salary
The committee has awarded 10% salary increase to the CEO in FY26.
STI – FY26 goals and objectives
In the table below, we disclose FY26 STI goals for Fabricio Bloisi, which are all measurable and validated. Actual targets will be retrospectively 
disclosed in the FY26 remuneration report. Each year, the committee thoroughly assesses whether targets are sufficiently stretched in the context 
of potential remuneration delivered.
Group financial goals
Weighting 
(%) Goal description
Maximum 
payout
(US$’000)
Revenue growth 16.7 Achieve revenue growth for Naspers and Prosus at target 138
Ecommerce profitability 16.7 Achieve Prosus Ecommerce aEBIT at target 138
Core headline earnings and free cash flow 16.6 Achieve Prosus COHE and free cash flow at target 137
Subtotal 50 413
Strategic, operational and 
sustainability goals
Weighting 
(%) Goal description
Maximum 
payout
(US$’000)
Ecommerce ecosystem 20 Europe: Post Just Eat Takeaway.com transaction closure, prepare for 
integration of infrastructure to enable growth
Latin America: Achieve organic revenue growth at Despegar at target
India: Achieve organic revenue growth and aEBIT at PayU at target
165
Holding company discount 10 Reduce group holding company discount 82.5
AI and Innovation 10 Leverage ecosystem data to train Large Commerce Model, demonstrate 
measurable positive impacts on operational outcomes
82.5
ESG: People 5 The simple average of the seven questions related to The Prosus Way in the 
engagement survey increases from 77.7% to 80.0% 
41
ESG: Impact 5 Impact the lives of 20 000 people in communities where our companies 
operate
41
Subtotal 50 412
Total 100 825
1 The executive directors received a 10% increase in base salary, effective 1 April 2025.
2 This is the at-target and maximum STI as a percentage to base salary. FY25 STI goals are shown on page 69 of the remuneration report.
3 Medical insurance, life and disability insurance.
4 Executive directors are executive directors of both Naspers and Prosus. Their remuneration as executive directors of these entities is split 10/90 between Naspers and Prosus.
77
Section 2: Nico Marais, chief financial officer
FY26 single-figure table
Curren FY25 single-figure tables cy 
LTI1
Pension
Other
benefits2
Total
remuneration3
Proportion of
variable
remuneration
(%)
Fixed 
remunerations1
Standard 
STI2 TSR PSUs4 SARs
€’000 900 900 1 849 1 849 130 31 5 659 19
US$’000 974 974 2 000 2 000 141 34 6 123 19
STI – FY26 goals and objectives
In the table below, we disclose FY26 STI goals for Nico Marais, which are all measurable and validated. Actual targets will be retrospectively disclosed in the FY26 remuneration report. Each 
year, the committee thoroughly assesses whether targets are sufficiently stretched in the context of potential remuneration delivered.
Group financial goals
Weighting 
(%) Goal description
Maximum 
payout
(US$’000)
Revenue growth 20 Achieve revenue growth for Naspers and Prosus at target 195
Ecommerce profitability 20 Achieve Prosus Ecommerce aEBIT at target 195
Core headline earnings and free cash flow 20 Achieve Prosus COHE and free cash flow at target 195
Subtotal 60 585
Strategic, operational and 
sustainability goals
Weighting 
(%) Goal description
Maximum 
payout
(US$’000)
Holding company discount 15 Reduce group holding company discount 146
Ecommerce ecosystem 15 Simplify portfolio and optimise the sale of assets at target 146
ESG: People 5 The simple average of the seven questions related to The Prosus Way in the engagement survey increases from 
77.7% to 80.0%
48.5
ESG: Impact 5 Impact the lives of 20 000 people in communities where our companies operate 48.5
Subtotal 40 389
Total 100 974
Looking forward to FY26 continued
1 The grant of the FY26 PSU awards will be partly settled in Naspers shares (30%) and partly in Prosus shares (70%), aligned with the free-float ownership in Naspers and Prosus.
2 Medical insurance, life and disability insurance.
3 Executive directors are executive directors of both Naspers and Prosus. Their remuneration as executive directors of these entities is split 10/90 between Naspers and Prosus.
4 Represents the grant date fair value of awards to be made during FY26 assuming on-target vesting for PSUs. The actual value accruing to the executive will depend on the real value created over the time of the award. The figure is based on indicative values 
and may therefore differ from the final fair value granted.
Executive remuneration
Balance of the Nico Marais’ unvested LTIs as at 
31 March 2025:
Special once-off moonshot award
The terms of Nico Marais’s moonshot award are aligned 
to the CEO’s terms for his moonshot award, as detailed 
on page 70.
If Nico Marais meets these conditions, he will receive 
a special once-off award of US$11m in Prosus and 
Naspers shares (split 70/30) in 2029.
Service contracts
Executive directors’ contracts comply with terms and 
conditions in the relevant local jurisdiction.
Nico Marais
Date of appointment at the group 1 June 1999
Date of appointment to current position 29 April 2025
End date of appointment to current 
position
28 April 2029
End date of employment Indefinite
Employer notice period Six months
CFO (%)
● Naspers SOs 3
● Prosus SOs 15
● Naspers RSUs 71
● Ecommerce SARs 11
78
Looking forward to FY26 continued
Overview of LTI awards (awards made to Nico Marais before his appointment as CFO, excludes FY26 allocation)
Nico Marais Performance metric Award date
Vesting 
date(s) Expiry date
Strike price 
of option/
SAR
Number of 
unvested 
awards
at 31 March
2025
Potential 
value of 
(US$) 
of unvested
awards 
31 March 
20251
Prosus restricted share units (RSUs) Four-year share price growth 21/06/2021 21/06/2025 1 550 155 583
14/12/2021 14/12/2025 1 259 126 382
27/06/2022 27/06/2025 3 846 386 055
27/06/2022 27/06/2026 3 847 386 147
27/06/2023 27/06/2025 6 789 681 515
27/06/2023 27/06/2026 6 789 681 515
27/06/2023 27/06/2027 6 790 681 607
Subtotal 30 870 3 098 804
Naspers global Ecommerce share 
appreciation rights (SARs)
Four-year measurement of value growth 
of eCommerce business units
31/07/2024 31/07/2025 31/07/2030 32.41 28 836 118 804
31/07/2024 31/07/2026 31/07/2030 32.41 28 836 118 804
31/07/2024 31/07/2027 31/07/2030 32.41 28 836 118 804
31/07/2024 31/07/2028 31/07/2030 32.41 28 836 118 817
Subtotal 115 347 475 230
Naspers N share options (SOs) Four-year share price growth 21/06/2021 21/06/2025 21/06/2031 3 040.00 1 704 137 511
Subtotal 1 704 137 511
Prosus share options (SOs) Four-year share price growth 28/06/2022 28/06/2025 28/06/2032 61.41 9 616 326 458
28/06/2022 28/06/2026 28/06/2032 61.41 9 616 326 458
Subtotal 19 232 652 917
Total 167 153 4 364 462
1 The potential value of unvested awards on 31 March 2025 is calculated by taking the difference between the closing share price on 31 March 2025 and the offer price (if applicable) and multiplying that difference by the number of unvested SOs/SARs/RSUs 
as at 31 March 2025. The actual value accruing to the executive will depend on the real value created over the time of the award.
79
Section 3: Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa, chief executive officer, Naspers SA
FY26 single-figure table
Curren FY25 single-figure tables cy 
LTI
Pension
Other
benefits1
Total
remuneration2
Proportion of
variable
remuneration
(%)
Fixed 
remunerations
Standard 
STI SARs
€’000 439 439 1 387 0 5 2 270 20
US$’000 475 475 1 500 0 5 2 455 20
STI – FY26 goals and objectives
In the table below, we disclose FY26 STI goals for Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa, which are all measurable and validated. Actual targets will be retrospectively disclosed in the 
FY26 remuneration report. Each year, the committee thoroughly assesses whether targets are sufficiently stretched in the context of potential remuneration delivered.
Group financial goals
Weighting 
(%) Description
Maximum 
payout
(US$’000)
Ecommerce profitability 10 Achieve Ecommerce aEBIT at target 47.5
Core headline earnings and free cash flow 10 Achieve Prosus COHE and free cash flow at target 47.5
Subtotal 20 95
Strategic, operational and 
sustainability goals
Weighting 
(%) Description
Maximum 
payout
(US$’000)
Critical stakeholder engagement 20 Engagement with critical public sector and private sector stakeholders 95
Wellbeing and collaboration 10 Maintain or improve engagement score in South Africa 48
Maintain level 4 BBBEE scorecard 15 Complete FY25 Group verification process and achieve level 4 71
South Africa: New investment opportunities 15 » Conclude South Africa investment strategy
» Assess all deals coming in from investor relations and other sources with 100% response rate
71
Social economic development 20 Digital skills training and work opportunities placement 95
Subtotal 80 380
Total 100 475
Looking forward to FY26 continued
Executive remuneration
Balance of the Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa’s unvested 
LTIs as at 31 March 2025.
CEO Naspers SA (%)
● Naspers RSUs 47
● Naspers SOs 53
Special once-off moonshot award
The terms of Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa’s moonshot 
award are aligned to the CEO’s terms for his moonshot 
award, as detailed on page 70.
If Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa meets these conditions, 
she will receive a special once-off award of US$5m 
in Prosus and Naspers shares (split 70/30) in 2029.
1 Medical insurance, life and disability insurance.
2 Executive directors are executive directors of both Naspers and Prosus. Their remuneration as executive directors of these entities is split 10/90 between Naspers and Prosus.
80
Overview of LTI awards (awards made to Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa before her appointment as executive director, excluding FY26 allocation)
Main conditions of share plans Main conditions of share plans
Phuthi Mahanyele-Dabengwa Performance metric Award date
Vesting 
date(s) Expiry date
Strike price 
of option/
SAR
Number 
of unvested 
awards
at 31 March
2025
Potential 
value (US$) 
of unvested
awards 
31 March 
20251
Naspers restricted share options (RSUs) Four-year share-price growth 27/06/2023 20/06/2025 1 774 437 615
27/06/2023 20/06/2026 1 774 437 615
27/06/2023 20/06/2027 1 776 438 109
20/08/2024 20/08/2025 1 538 379 398
20/08/2024 20/08/2026 1 538 379 398
20/08/2024 20/08/2027 1 538 379 398
20/08/2024 20/08/2028 1 538 379 398
Subtotal 11 476 2 830 932
Naspers N share options (SOs) Four-year share-price growth 21/06/2021 21/06/2025 21/06/2031 3 040.00 2 810 226 764
27/06/2022 27/06/2026 27/06/2032 2 348.69 7 084 839 060
27/06/2022 27/06/2025 27/06/2032 2 348.69 7 084 839 060
27/06/2023 20/08/2025 27/06/2033 3 261.28 3 267 224 171
27/06/2023 20/08/2026 27/06/2033 3 261.28 3 267 224 171
20/08/2024 20/08/2027 27/06/2033 3 261.28 3 269 224 309
20/08/2024 20/08/2025 20/08/2034 3 620.54 2 884 141 320
20/08/2024 20/08/2026 20/08/2034 3 620.54 2 884 141 320
20/08/2024 20/08/2027 20/08/2034 3 620.54 2 884 141 320
20/08/2024 20/08/2028 20/08/2034 3 620.54 2 884 141 418
Subtotal 38 319 3 142 912
Total 49 795 5 973 843
Looking forward to FY26 continued
1 The potential value of unvested awards on 31 March 2025 is calculated by taking the difference between the closing share price on 31 March 2025 and the offer price (if applicable) and multiplying that difference by the number of unvested SOs/RSUs as at 
31 March 2025. The actual value accruing to the executive will depend on the real value created over the time of the award.
81